



Fox News FOX HANNITY 9:00 PM EST
December 2, 2024 Monday


Copyright 2024 Fox News Network LLC All Rights Reserved 
Section: NEWS; Domestic
Length: 7073 words
Byline: Sean Hannity, Gregg Jarrett
Guests: Jim Jordan, James Comer, Alan Dershowitz, John Solomon, Ted Cruz, Adam Carolla, Sylvester Stallone, Jennifer Stallone
Body


SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: And welcome to "Hannity".
And tonight, we begin with an important and virtuous message from the Democratic Party. Take a look.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: This nation was founded on the principle that there are no kings in America. Each -- each of us is equal before the law. No one -- no one is above the law.
REP. NANCY PELOSI (D-CA): The fact is no one is above the law.
SEN. ELIZABETH WARREN (D-MA): In this country, no one is above the law.
BIDEN: The American principle that no one is above the law was reaffirmed.
REP. JERRY NADLER (D-NY): Make no mistake: no one -- not even the president of the United States -- is above the law.
BIDEN: In my administration, no one in my -- no one is above the law.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
HANNITY: Ah, never mind, kidding as usual.
Now, the Democrats you saw there, they're just flat out lying. In fact, there are people who are very clearly above the law, the ones that are lecturing all of you about the rule of law, you know? And by the way, they are called the Biden family or as we affectionately were refer to him on this program as simply the syndicate.
Early today, in a move that surprised no one who watches this channel, President Biden did issue a full unconditional pardon to his beloved son Hunter only months after vowing over and over again that he would never pardon Hunter because of his deep, unwavering commitment to justice and the rule of law. You might recall.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
INTERVIEWER: Will you accept the jury's outcome, their verdict, no matter what it is?
BIDEN: Yes.
INTERVIEWER: And have you ruled out without a pardon for your son?
BIDEN: Yes.
INTERVIEWER: You have?
REPORTER: Does the president have any intention of pardoning him?
KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: We've been asked that question multiple times. Our answer stands, which is no.
REPORTER: Is there any possibility that the president would end up pardoning his son?
JEAN-PIERRE: No.
REPORTER: Well, is there --
JEAN-PIERRE: I just said no.
BIDEN: And I am satisfied that I'm not going to do anything I said I said I'd abide by the jury decision and I will do that and I will not pardon him.
JEAN-PIERRE: I can speak for the president and he said he would not pardon his son and I'm just going to leave it there.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
HANNITY: You didn't take that seriously, did you? That was before the election.
And like always, Biden, the entire White House they were lying to the American people.
According to NBC News, they knew that Biden was planning a possible pardon but decided to tell the American people the exact opposite of what he was thinking. In a nutshell, is the Biden doctrine, they just plan out blatantly lie about everything. Remember the border is closed, the border secure.
Biden is running -- he's running circles around his staff, he's got so much energy. He's cognitively as sharp as ever -- as he's ever been. Inflation is transitory. Trump, a threat to democracy and that he sponsored Project 2025 and wanted to ban abortion nationwide and would sign that as president and limit access to contraception and stop IVF treatments for women.
They said crime was down, lie. Inflation was down, lie. The withdrawal from Afghanistan went really, really well if you believe them, never mind what lies Kamala told, whoa.
You know, would she have ever really closed the border? I doubt it. Would she give taxpayer funded sex change operations to illegals as she once said she would? Probably. Gender affirming care without parental consent, likely.
Ban fracking and drilling which he said often I'd bet yes. Packed the U.S. Supreme Court, eliminate the filibuster as she had promised, make D.C. Puerto Rico a state, continue the weaponization of justice. Well, we've all been subjected to one insane lie after another that only a handful of remaining MSDNC, fake news CNN viewers could or would believe.
So it is not a shocker that Joe Biden lied about a pardon for Hunter and keep in mind, this wasn't just a pardon for the felonies that Hunter was already convicted of. No, this was a sweeping pardon that covers any and all federal crimes Hunter committed or may have committed. The dates are important, January 1st, 2014, and yesterday, December 1st, 2024.
In other words, Biden, Hunter Biden will face no consequences for any actions over the past 11 years. Now, that oddly, specific timeline how conveniently happens to coincide with the very same year that Hunter started raking in millions of dollars from Ukraine. Remember, he was on the border with Burisma, no experience in energy, oil, gas, Ukraine, was getting paid millions.
But according to Joe, he never -- I never once spoke to my son, my brother or anybody for that matter about their foreign business deals, in spite of what looks like evidence to the contrary, you know, pictures I guess he just, you know, pulled out -- pulled 2014 out of a hat. That was that was a random year, just like he randomly pressured Ukraine.
Remember he bragged about it about withholding billions in aid until they agreed to fire the prosecutor investigating his zero experienced son being paid millions and Burisma? Or the more likely scenario, that was the real quid pro quo with Ukraine, Joe Biden was just lying through his teeth as always.
Think about this, 2014, that start date also happens to cover Hunter's sweetheart deal with, oh, the Bank of China, another deal with the state- run Chinese energy company, CEFC. Remember the WhatsApp message, I'm sitting here next to my dad, remember that part?
And more sketchy deals, you know, with oligarchs from Kazakhstan, a generous $3.5 million wire transfer from the former first lady of Moscow, Elena Baturina, remember her, as documented by the joint report from the Senate Finance and Homeland Security Committees.
The pardon also covering allegations of tax evasion, money laundering, FARA violations, and even federal bribery corruption charges, that surrounded, you know, the -- what, 10 percent for the big guy or half my money goes to pops. But can the big guy sleep easy tonight? That's a legal question.
Is the Biden family syndicate officially in the clear? What about all the money Hunter says he gave to pops? Half my income goes to pops, it was on the laptop from hell.
Did other monies that he took in go to his brother? Maybe wives involved, maybe ex-wives involved, what about the children? Did any money go to them? If so, will Joe pardon all of them -- will Joe Biden in the end pardon himself?
As "Politico" put it, this 11-year pardon is quite possibly the most generous, extensive pardon in decades. Now some Democratic voters appear shocked and angry that Biden is in fact not a man of his word.
On X, Nate Silver called Biden a, quote, selfish and senile old man who destroyed the Democratic Party. Nate, why didn't you say all that ahead of time before the election? Well, that may be true.
Well, here's another hard truth for my friends on the left, the legacy media so-called journalists that they respect and adore are brainless, spineless and nothing but chills for the Democratic Party, and the polling by the way that people like Nate Silver use from them kind of sucked also. They don't investigate big stories. They don't look for the truth.
Instead, just look at the latest Democratic talking point, repeat that, regurgitate that, wash, rinse, repeat, that's their formula. And that's why Americans rejected them as well in November.
Now, here, for example, is a sample of how they covered Biden's promise that he would never ever pardon Hunter. Take a look.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: A major commitment from the president accepting the outcome of the trial and also pledging not to pardon his son.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Just to be clear, the president has ruled out pardoning his son for --
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I'll bet you a dollar.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Well, okay.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: And this week, of course, Hunter Biden was found guilty and Joe Biden has very clearly said he would not pardon his son, he would not commute his sentence.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: The current president of the United States has so much respect for the law that he has said he would not pardon his son.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: He is not pardoning his son which he could do. These are federal charges. He is not doing that. That is a power -- he has a power for both of those.
He is not doing it because he is living what it means to have a rule of law in this country.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
HANNITY: You think you'll ever trust the legacy media again? These channels.
But just, you know, they just took Biden at his word and regurgitated it. Why would anyone in their right mind take Biden at his word? We on this channel, on this show, we tell you the truth.
We've been right about Richard Jewell, going back to the beginning. We were right about UVA. We were right about Duke lacrosse.
We were right about Freddy Gray in Baltimore. We were right about Ferguson, Missouri. We were right about Obama's radicalism. We were right about vetting Kamala Harris which they wouldn't do. We were right about Russia collusion.
We were right also about FISA abuse and I can keep going on, and they're always wrong, they peddle lies, and conspiracy theories for a living.
Joe, a habitual liar, serial plagiarizer, since the 1970s, and for the legacy media, it was all means to the end, support the Democratic Party, do it at all costs.
Thankfully, they no longer have influence over freethinking Americans that have in the beginning they sought out talk radio. They sought out FOX News. Now, they still trust talk radio and FOX News, and they have social media who -- Elon Musk said we're all now in the media business. And you can post things on your own and pass on information to your friends.
The Kamala files that I tried to deputize people with. The Democratic Party will soon lose control the Senate, the House, the White House.
Here with reaction, House Judiciary Committee Chairman Jim Jordan, House Oversight Committee Chairman James Comer.
Is this over, Jim Jordan?
REP. JIM JORDAN (R-OH): Well, we're going to look at David Weiss. Remember, the Congress has a strong history of looking at special counsels, getting a report from them, bringing them in for a hearing or deposition or maybe both. So we're going to look at all that.
But I love what you said your monologue, Sean, the Biden presidency started with a lie and it ended with a lie and as you pointed out, there were all kinds of false things in between. But remember, October 2020, Joe Biden said in that debate, the Hunter Biden laptop story according to 51 former intel officials is a Russian information operation. That was a lie and he knew it at the time.
And then, of course, yesterday, after saying he wouldn't pardon his son, he turns around and does the very thing. Lie at the start, lie at the ending and a terrible four years in between. Thank goodness President Trump is going back to the White House.
HANNITY: James Comer, let me ask you. In your mind, is this over? Is this over for Joe Biden? Is it over for his brother? Is it over for other family members that were paid monies here? Or does this continue?
Does Joe Biden need to think about pardoning these family members and maybe himself?
REP. JAMES COMER (R-KY): Well, remember, the House Oversight Committee referred Jim Biden as well as Hunter Biden to the Department of Justice for perjury. We deposed Hunter Biden and he lied under oath and we brought Jim Biden in for transcribed interview and he lied under oath. That's a fact. That's in a report that Jim Jordan and I signed and published to the American people.
So I would fully expect Joe Biden -- to pardon Jim Biden and remember in our investigation we found that family members including Joe Biden profited from the influence peddling schemes, where they were shaking down our adversaries around the world for tens of millions of dollars and then they created all these shell companies and laundered the money through the shell companies. And this is according to six banks, six banks said this in the suspicious activity reports that were filed with treasury that they were laundering money and they sent the money and incremental payments to 10 different Biden family members.
So I think that the new Trump Justice Department is going to have a lot on its platter. I look forward to consulting with them to see if we can be of any further assistance. But right now, I think the ball will be in Attorney General Bondi's court.
HANNITY: So let me be clear, James Comer, do you believe other Biden family members committed crimes? And do you believe that a new attorney general if they are upholding the law would be with -- it would be within their jurisdiction to go forward with indictments? And what about Joe Biden himself?
COMER: I believe two other Biden family members definitely and knowingly committed crimes. In addition to Hunter Biden, you have Jim Biden and Joe Biden. Joe Biden obstructed my and Chairman Jordan's investigations, he lied multiple times. He lied about his knowledge and involvement.
We had sworn testimony from Bobulinski and Devon Archer that said that Joe Biden knew all along what was going on. He was selling the brand, his brand. He was selling access to our enemies around the world and he lied just like Jim Jordan said in the debate about the laptop and he lied like when he said he wasn't going to pardon his son.
So, yes, Joe Biden in my opinion has committed crimes. Jim Biden we saw he took in all these loans, he didn't pay any interest, didn't pay any principal, had no loan documentation. At what point do those loans become - - become income. They never paid taxes on.
And by the way, why did he get those loans? You know, what was he doing? All the people that wired money to the Bidens were shady characters, either adversaries or people that were in trouble needing assistance, needing a prosecutor fired, needing a pardon, they were needing something from Joe Biden, the big guy.
HANNITY: Same question, Jim Jordan, and do you believe that that Joe Biden should think about pardoning the people that James Comer just mentioned and maybe himself?
JORDAN: Well, well, Sean, I assume he's already looking to do that for his -- particularly for his brother as Jamie pointed out when we deposed him, he said things that just didn't square with what the evidence that we had, and the facts that we had gathered so we'll see.
I do think it's interesting you pointed this out the time, the broad -- the length of this from December -- excuse me -- January 1st, 2014 to December 1st, 2024, 10 years and 11 months.
Remember, three of that -- of 11-year time frame, three of those years was when Joe Biden was vice president. So he's making sure even though the statute of limitations has run for any involvement to Hunter Biden had with Burisma and taxes he owed for that unbelievable amount of income he got from that energy company in Ukraine. So I think he -- that that is something that I think is just huge because remember with Burisma, Hunter Biden got put on the board, he wasn't qualified to be on the board he told us that himself in an interview.
The heads of Burisma asked him to weigh in with his father to relieve the pressure they are under from the prosecutor in Ukraine, and then fourth, Joe Biden goes and does just that and he uses our tax money American tax dollars to say if you want the loan guarantee money, stop going after Burisma, my son's on the board and getting paid tons of money and that happened. That's what we were looking at a Democrat said, oh, there's nothing there, but somehow Joe Biden has to pardon for all that time frame? I think that's suspicious in and of itself.
HANNITY: All right. Chairman Jordan and Chairman Comer, thank you. We appreciate it.
Here with more reaction, FOX News legal analyst, Gregg Jarrett, Harvard law professor Alan Dershowitz, "Just the News" CEO, editor-in chief, John Solomon.
John, start with you on the news side of this, and all three of you were very, very active and helpful in terms of going in deep and hard and helping to unpeel the layers of the onion involving Burisma, Elena Baturina, Kazakhstan, other countries.
John, where do you see in terms of the new administration, to me, this goes way beyond Hunter, just Burisma alone, and what about all the people that benefited financially and what about Joe?
JOHN SOLOMON, JUST THE NEWS CEO AND EDITOR IN CHIEF: Well, listen, I think there's something that a lot of people aren't thinking about tonight but it is -- it has great roots in the O.J. Simpson case.
All right. You can't bring criminal charges against Hunter Biden but there's nothing that prevents the Trump Justice Department from filing a fraud case and seeking civil remedy and taking money from him and other members of the family on allegations that they reported false information they committed fraud. Those are things that are still on the table. A pardon doesn't protect you from civil actions.
It also doesn't protect you from no he no longer will be able to deny or say, I don't want to testify in any proceedings because I invoked my Fifth Amendment right against incrimination, the president took that away from him so he's going to have to testify if he's compelled, and there's a strong possibility a civil case could still be brought and by the way the proof for a civil case much lower than a criminal case.
HANNITY: What do you think, Gregg Jarrett -- it seems to me based on a lot of investigative reporting by you and John and others that there are and what we just heard from both Congressman Comer and Jordan that there are a lot of other family members impacted here? What should a new incoming attorney general be doing with that?
GREGG JARRETT, FOX NEWS LEGAL ANALYST: They should be digging through the files assuming they haven't yet been shredded by the big truck parked out in front of the DOJ. You know, this sweeping pardon, Sean, is not only beneficial to Hunter but it's self-serving for Joe Biden himself because there is of course compelling evidence that the father actively aided and abetted his son's financial scheme, selling access, promises of influence.
I mean, that's what China, Ukraine, Russia and other countries were buying in exchange for tens of millions of dollars funneled into Biden control shell companies. By his pardon, the president didn't just wipe out Hunter's two convictions -- no. He granted clemency for a decade, 11 years to be precise, of other uncharged crimes in which the document show the father was implicated as an accessory.
So by foreclosing any future charges against the son, Joe Biden effectively impedes further inquiry into his own crooked role. And by protecting his son, he is protecting himself, the Ukrainian quid pro quo, the $5 million Chinese pay to play deal.
So this grant of clemency so broad as it is, is far more cunning and devious than meets the eye.
HANNITY: You know, I've said many times, Professor, that I want the weaponization of justice to end in this country and I want a permanent, I want the FBI, I want our intelligence community restored to their former greatness.
But there is a lot of evidence that we know of in this case that does implicate not president Joe Biden but Vice President Joe Biden. You know, the WhatsApp message, I'm sitting here next to my father, the laptop from hell. I give half of my income to pops, exchanges with I believe Eric Schwerin that said, you know, which account should I pay for pops home repairs for example.
In other words, that he was a beneficiary and evidence that he met with some of these foreign business partners. What should happen?
ALAN DERSHOWITZ, FORMER HARVARD LAW PROFESSOR: Well, this is a gift to Pam Bondi and a gift to the House Judiciary and Senate committees because they have taken away his Fifth Amendment privilege. He is now the star witness going forward for years and years and years. This may end up not being a great benefit to a Hunter Biden.
Look, if Biden was smart, what he would have done is he would have announced that he is pardoning all the nonviolent protesters on December 6th, he's pardoning Donald Trump, he's pardoning all the people that were prosecuted because they were close --
HANNITY: You mean January 6.
DERSHOWITZ: -- to Donald Trump and he -- January 6 -- and he's also pardoning -- he's also pardoning Hunter Biden. He would have been able to do it on principled ground, but instead it's a one-off and it looks like it's designed to protect the Biden family.
But it to backfire because Pam Bondi could convene a grand jury, could start investigations, the Judiciary Committee, calling Hunter Biden who no longer has a Fifth Amendment privilege unless they try to concoct an argument that, well, maybe he violated some state law. I don't think that's possible, in light of the combination of the statute of limitations and the pardon, I think he can be called to testify against his father, against his uncle, against any associates. So I don't think we're going to see -- yeah?
HANNITY: Exit question for all of you. Should Joe Biden pardon himself and other family members involved? John Solomon, yes or no?
SOLOMON: I won't advise, but I don't -- I think he will before we're done, I think he will before January 20th.
HANNITY: I agree with you.
Gregg?
JARRETT: I absolutely think he will. He shouldn't if he cares one whit about the rule of law and justice in America.
HANNITY: Professor, last word, yes or no?
DERSHOWITZ: So I'm a dissenting -- I'm a dissenting view here. He is not going to pardon anybody else. He has exhausted what he wants to do in terms of his son. He shouldn't pardon anybody else. I don't think he will.
We'll see and we'll come back, and you can complain about me or I can complain about you. We'll see what happens on January 20th.
HANNITY: All right. When we come back -- thank you all -- the media melting down after Donald Trump nominated Kash Patel to lead the FBI.
Plus, Trump derangement syndrome, it has hit a new low. You won't believe what the left is doing now. Well, you'll get a special take from Adam Corolla straight ahead.
(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
HANNITY: So, Donald Trump he made it very clear over the weekend that change is coming to Washington, D.C., in the swamp. In fact, his pick to lead the FBI, former Department of Defense chief of staff Kash Patel is now causing a total complete meltdown on the left. Key Republicans they are on board, including people like -- well, now, Trey Gowdy, that works here with us in FOX, Texas Senator Ted Cruz, House Speaker Mike Johnson, both say Patel is well-qualified prepared, to bring integrity back to the bureau.
Meanwhile, Donald Trump issued a very stern warning to Hamas this morning, laying out in no uncertain terms that the remaining October 7th hostages better be released before he takes office or there will be, quote, hell to pay.
And back at home, Donald Trump is planning the largest mass deportation effort in the history of the country. That focus will be on removing criminals, known terrorists, cartel members, drug dealers, gang members, you name them, they're in this country right now. They're committing murder, rape, violent crimes and killing our kids with fentanyl and opioids.
And it turns out that effort -- well, has a very high-profile backer. You might not believe your very eyes, Hillary Clinton supports Donald Trump. Take a look.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
HILLARY CLINTON, FORMER SECRETARY OF STATE: I think we got to have tough conditions, tell people to come out of the shadows if they've committed a crime, deport them, no questions asked, they're gone. If they -- if they've been working and are law-abiding, we should say here are the conditions for you staying, you have to pay a stiff fine because you came here illegally, you have to pay back taxes and you have to try to learn English and you have to wait in line.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
HANNITY: Be deported, no questions asked.
Texas Senator Ted Cruz, what's your reaction to that, Senator?
SEN. TED CRUZ (R-TX): Well, you know, Hillary, it reminds me of a backhanded compliment given to Bill Clinton. She's an exceptionally good liar.
She doesn't believe that. The Democrat Party doesn't believe that and it really is striking that that in that crowd in particular she's being cheered for saying conservative common sense principles, yes, we ought to - -
HANNITY: But that was back -- that was back in '08 to be fair. So --
CRUZ: True, but she didn't believe it then either. She was lying then, she'd be lying now, the Democrat Party has decided illegal aliens are their -- are their future and they want as many of them as possible.
But it really is striking as you play that video, presumably, that's a Democrat audience and you look at what their cheers are, that even then they're not cheering on amnesty, they're cheering on deport the criminals and anyone here should learn English. I mean that is -- listen, people want America -- they want American borders respected, they want their families kept safe and I think there was no issue more consequential to the election in November than Joe Biden and Kamala Harris's open borders.
HANNITY: So the president's comments, there will be hell to pay if the prisoners are not released. Look at Zelenskyy and the change of position that he has had, that he'd be willing to give up land to end the conflict with Vladimir Putin, look at the comments of Putin, the eerie silence of China, for example, Hamas, Hezbollah, all of a sudden now, the world has changed dramatically and they're looking for peace deals according to reports.
CRUZ: Yeah.
HANNITY: Is that the Donald Trump effect?
CRUZ: It absolutely is. Listen, when Trump was president the last time we had peace and prosperity Joe Biden and the Democrats came in and we saw chaos and war across the globe.
In the next year, both of the wars that are raging on will end. The war in Ukraine will end and the war in Israel will end. In Ukraine, there'll be some sort of negotiated settlement. It will be loss I believe for Russia and Putin, but it will be over. And in Israel, Israel will defeat Hamas and the war in Israel will come to an end. Both of those are because we will have a U.S. commander-in-chief that our enemies are terrified up.
By the way, Sean we saw it closer to home with both Mexico and Canada when Trump announced that he would impose tariffs on Mexico and Canada unless they helped in securing the border and stopping the invasion of this country both of the leaders of Mexico and Canada immediately said okay, we'll help. We're all in.
That's the difference when you have a strong president that is actually fighting for America compared to the disaster that's in the White House right now.
HANNITY: And then it goes further. Then you have Joe and Mika go to Mar-a- Lago and kiss the ring and suck up to -- suck up to Donald Trump. You can't make that story up.
CRUZ: Well, I'm not even sure they were kissing the ring. I think they were kissing a little bit lower than that. I mean, listen, they're desperate. That there -- there are three viewers that watch "Morning Joe" and two of them are blood relatives to Joe and Mika.
I mean, it's -- they're desperate for relevance and it is -- look, America, I got to say, there's an excitement in Texas. People are excited. People are excited about a Republican administration, a Republican Senate, a Republican House. People are excited about inflation coming down, energy prices coming down. America becoming energy dominant again.
People are excited. We're going to secure of the border. We're going to stand up to criminals and people are excited about ending the wars and standing with our friends and allies. I think this is -- this is really a remarkable time right now.
HANNITY: It -- this -- if the president keeps his agenda, it could be the most transformational presidency in a 100-plus years. Just by doing the things that he promised.
But I got to roll, Senator. I do appreciate you being with us. Great to have you. Glad you got reelected.
Now, tonight, we can report that the hysteria on the left, it's only getting worse including liberal women now embracing what is known as the 4B movement. We've been telling you about this. You know, women shaving their heads, swearing off sexual relationships with men, and even divorcing their husband.
Well, now, things have reached a new level. Some women reportedly getting sterilized in order to prevent themselves from ever getting pregnant saying that they fear access to abortion will be denied in a second Trump term. Never mind the fact that Trump explicitly promised to veto a national abortion ban if somehow that managed to reach his desk.
The media mob, they're happy to stoke the fears, driving people to extreme measures. Their latest theory is that some sort of online ecosystem that they're calling the manosphere is causing men to publicly disparage and threaten women.
All right. Here to sort this out, comedian going to be part of FOX Nation "Night of Comedy", December 12th, with our friend Jimmy Failla, Adam Carolla.
All right. Can you explain this to me because? I'm having a hard time understanding it.
ADAM CAROLLA, "THE ADAM CAROLLA PODCAST" HOST: I don't know but manosphere is a great name for a gay bar.
HANNITY: Why do you say that?
CAROLLA: You know why I said it, Sean, because it's a killer name for a gay bar.
HANNITY: All right.
CAROLLA: Look, let's -- couple things, as far --
HANNITY: Let's go into business.
CAROLLA: As far as the sterilization thing, I wish these women's moms thought about sterilizing themselves before they hatched out these little demon seeds, number one. It's all narcissism, all roads lead to narcissism and what happened to the "AP" and what happened to "Newsweek"? I mean, shame on them.
HANNITY: Yeah, good -- that's such a good point.
Can you explain this to me? If you're refusing to have sex and you're getting sterilized, can you explain the need for stockpiling -- stockpiling abortion pills? Can you explain that part?
CAROLLA: Can you explain the need to have someone like a neighbor or someone in the military get vaccinated when you've been vaccinated and if you've been vaccinated you can't get COVID? It's all upside down world for these people.
But is Stallone coming on later on tonight because if he is you got to cut this segment short and get the Stallone, that man made a movie called "Cobra" and that's the best film of the last 75 years, Sean.
HANNITY: No, the worst part about the COVID thing was remember they kept saying over and over that if you get the jab, you get the shot, you'll never get COVID. Now, any scientist that knew anything about a virus understands the viruses mutate, they change, they take on other characteristics. So they knew damn well that that was probably going to change.
Then they said, well, if you get the shot, then you you'll never infect anybody else. And then they tried to shame you into it, and then Joe Rogan who I don't know personally, but he disclosed he got COVID. He said he threw everything at it and instead of just saying, glad you're okay, you know, they brutalized the guy.
Or Rand Paul, a medical doctor who said we need to focus on natural immunity. You were brutalized for that, and then social media companies were pressured to take down information that people desperately wanted as alternative information than what they were being fed? What's your reaction to all that?
CAROLLA: Well, they're bullies and they're liars. I mean, they come across as sort of peace doves, but they're really bullies and liars. I mean, I think we've seen it all through Biden, in the Biden administration. He comes across as uncle Joe and Joe six-pack from Scranton, and he's a corrupt politician who bullies people. His DOJ bullies people and the FBI bullies people.
They all come across as these, you know, little peaceniks, but they're really aggressive and they're bullies, and they've showed their hand over and over again and I think America's finally got the message.
HANNITY: Take a look at this video. It's posted by Donald Trump's health and human services secretary nominee, Robert F Kennedy Jr., and he says this is his way of preparing for his confirmation hearings, looks like the effort to make America healthy is well underway.
But at least he's going to give us the choice, give us information and if I want to eat at McDonald's, will you please leave me the hell alone? If I want a big gulp, will you please leave me alone?
CAROLLA: Well, first off, I love any guy who works out in Levis, number one. And number two that guy reminds me a lot of Stallone in the movie "Cobra".
HANNITY: All right. So you really want to see the Stallone segment and I don't blame you, and there's a reason Stallone and his wife are on. I'm a big fan as well.
Now, does the movie "Rocky", does -- does that hit you in the gut?
CAROLLA: It hit me in the gut, it hit me in the liver, it hit me in the nose. I love it all. It hit me everywhere.
HANNITY: You prefer Rambo or Rocky? Last exit question.
CAROLLA: All right. I'm going to go "Expendables" and throw everyone through a loop.
HANNITY: That doesn't count. That's not real.
Rocky represents the life struggle of a lot of Americans. That's for sure.
All right. We appreciate your time, Adam Carolla. Thank you.
When we come back, why do we have Sylvester Stallone on? I have a brand new show debuting tomorrow on FOXNation.com. I'm going to tell you about it.
My first guests, Sylvester and Jennifer Stallone. We talk about his childhood, career, their marriage. You don't want to miss it.
Also, we have a big interview with Stephen A. Smith, also Jillian Michaels and a lot of other names that we'll start telling you about soon, straight ahead. Stallone is next.
(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
HANNITY: All right. We have a big announcement. I have a new show on FOX Nation. The first episode will drop tomorrow morning. It's called "Sean". This show, very heavy politics -- no, in this -- on this show, I sit down with newsmakers, celebrities, long extended interviews like you've never seen before. Jillian Michaels, Stephen A. Smith, many more.
I spoke with Sylvester Stallone, his wife Jennifer Flavin Stallone. Here's a sneak peek. Take a look.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
HANNITY: Joining us, Sly -- do you want Sly, Sylvester? With -- what do you --
SYLVESTER STALLONE, ACTOR: I think that Sly is a lot easier on the vowel than the Sylvester. It's like that's a lot of syllables. So, Sly works great.
HANNITY: And, Jennifer, great to see you.
JENNIFER STALLONE, SLY STALLONE'S WIFE: Nice to see you.
HANNITY: First, I got to say all my friends are like, oh, oh, can I come? Because everyone loves you, everyone relates to you, everyone identifies with Rocky, Rambo. I never knew you'd be such a good mobster, right? Isn't he in "Tulsa King"?
(LAUGHTER)
S. STALLONE: That's interesting, Sean, because Rocky is -- his idealism and his morality of something, you know, I aspire to be like. So, you have to write it because I'm not that, and he's very chatty, but it's simplistic. And so people automatically assume it's Sly is right, there is no difference.
And Rambo is just the opposite. He's like monosyllabic. He's just given up trying to speak and it feels as though he's been abandoned by civilization. So he's into his own thing.
Finally, finally, there comes an opportunity to play a gangster but in a different way. In other words, to use my real personality.
HANNITY: Why does Rocky -- why does Rambo -- but Rocky for me more than Rambo, and I love Rambo. Why -- why does that hit me in the gut? That whole series hits me in the gut. It -- it -- definitely, I can relate to it. My friends can relate to it.
STALLONE: You just said it, Sean. It's -- there's a relatability.
What I felt I was going through and trying to be like what is my fate what is my destiny what is my capability and the inability of getting that opportunity it's a struggle and people -- if -- so many people have aspirations to do more and they don't get that opportunity. So they live in this quiet frustration their whole life like please give me the opportunity to even fail.
I just -- let put me in coach one time, let me run the race if I'm last, at least, I know. I didn't have it. But to never be able to try to do your best -- to like get a shot, in other words, to simplify it. And it's a very simple story about that people, even intellectuals, people that are perhaps in white collar jobs, they can look at that and somehow glean something out of it.
Also, the need of hope. In my profession or my life I should say, the way I've been structured is my history with relationships is an abomination. From my --
HANNITY: Can we say was an abomination?
STALLONE: Oh, yeah, I mean, I couldn't live without her. I mean, she is my everything, my sun, my moon, everything.
But I was raised in a incredibly dysfunctional family. No love, no pat, no handshake, no --
HANNITY: You got the (EXPLETIVE DELETED) beat out of you.
STALLONE: (EXPLETIVES DELETED) a lot, big time.
Today, it -- people would have been arrested. But in one part, and if I could take -- I have the ability to channel that and that's why I think I'm successful because I understand rejection, I understand hardship. I understand fear.
And if my father couldn't break me, nobody is going to break me. See what I mean? I just -- I know what it's like to live on a dark side.
HANNITY: All right. Let's go back to you meet -- I want to know the moment you met and what you were thinking and then I already know what were thinking.
J. STALLONE: A friend of ours, a mutual friend asked me if I wanted to go to a restaurant in Hollywood and my girlfriend Kirsten and I, you know, we've -- I don't think I've ever went to Hollywood or even went out to dinner in Hollywood.
S. STALLONE: In the valley, three miles away, she had never --
J. STALLONE: Not three miles, Sly, it was over the hill. I lived way sort of Calabasas, Woodland Hills. No, it was a good 45-minute drive.
S. STALLONE: Oh, okay.
J. STALLONE: Whatever, there was no reason for me to be in Hollywood.
HANNITY: By the way, is this all the time?
J. STALLONE: Yeah, trust me, we've been together 37 years.
(CROSSTALK)
S. STALLONE: -- that hill.
J. STALLONE: So I took my Dodge Duster --
S. STALLONE: There it is.
J. STALLONE: And drove over the hill to meet him.
HANNITY: Dodge Duster was a good car back in the day.
J. STALLONE: Well, not mine. None of that -- nothing worked, nothing worked. I didn't have even a gas cap. The fender was falling off. Yeah, it was awful. It was a mess of a car.
So I meet him at this restaurant and he's sitting at a table with all these beautiful women and my girlfriend and I were like, okay, we'll just join the crowd and we did and he -- I -- just all these girls were all over him and my girlfriend and I are just sitting there, but he started talking to me and my friend and I was like, why -- you know, and they asked me what I did.
And I said, well, I go to college and I work at Valley Town (ph) and the whole table started laughing at me and my girlfriend said what did you say I go I went to college and work at Valley Town.
HANNITY: Where were you in your career?
S. STALLONE: Exactly. I was just peaking (ph) there. You know, I'm doing really well.
HANNITY: And you knew who he was obviously.
J. STALLONE: I did but, you know --
HANNITY: You didn't care.
J. STALLONE: I have four older brothers and they watched a lot of his films, but it wasn't like I was sitting there watching Rambo every night. My brothers would watch it on TV.
HANNITY: If you ask a couple about their relationship and to tell their story, how they tell it will tell you whether or not they're going to be successful or not.
S. STALLONE: Now way.
HANNITY: By the way, that is so true. I have found out to be true.
S. STALLONE: Oh, really?
HANNITY: Yeah, and the way you guys tell it this is like, forever love, never going to die, it's like you finish each other's sentences. You joke around all the time.
You've been together 36 years by my math?
J. STALLONE: Yeah, we met in '88.
HANNITY: Started dating in '90 fulltime, right?
J. STALLONE: Yeah.
HANNITY: If you're in the public eye, if you're an actor, actress, as famous as you are, and frankly as famous as you are, those couples don't last 36 years. You're an anomaly, you're the exception, you're not the rule.
I love your reality show "Family Stallone".
J. STALLONE: Thank you/
HANNITY: You have incredible kids that it's so obvious you both love in different ways. You are the most nurturing mother in the world.
J. STALLONE: I am, I love it.
HANNITY: And it's so obvious how much your girls love you.
J. STALLONE: Yeah.
HANNITY: And then you -- you remind me of me. I have -- I have a daughter who's 23, I don't want any guy near ever.
S. STALLONE: I'm the drill instructor and Dracula rolled into one. I mean, you're right, anyone comes around my girl --
HANNITY: I hate it.
J. STALLONE: You like a few of their boyfriends. They're nice guys.
S. STALLONE: I hate everyone.
HANNITY: That would be my answer.
S. STALLONE: I was kidding.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
HANNITY: All right. Don't forget, you can watch my full interview with Sly and his wife Jennifer tomorrow on foxnation.com. We call it "Sean", it's not as political. It's different. We hope you like it.
More "Hannity" straight ahead.
(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
HANNITY: All right. A quick reminder, I am so honored I am the emcee of FOX Nation's Sixth Annual Patriot Awards. This show is coming up on Thursday -- this Thursday, streaming live, foxnation.com. That all happens at 8:00 p.m. Eastern.
Now on this news -- show "Sean", it drops tomorrow morning. Sly and his wife Jennifer, this is different. The reason we call it "Sean" not Hannity is because, it's not all about politics. Now, politics comes up.
Give you three quick examples. Sly, tough, hard, difficult background made him who he is. Stephen A. Smith, similar story. Jillian Michaels, similar story -- amazing stuff that you won't hear or see anywhere else.
Anyway, I hope you'll watch. It drops on FOX Nation tomorrow morning.
That's all the time we have left this evening. Please set your DVR so you never, ever, ever, ever miss an episode of "Hannity". Don't forget, for news anytime, every time, all the time, you can get it on foxnews.com, hannity.com. How many more options do you want?
Anyway -- and in the meantime, I have good news let not your heart t be troubled because Greg Gutfeld is standing by. He will put a smile on your face next. Have a great night.
Classification


Language: ENGLISH

Document-Type: BREAKING NEWS

Publication-Type: Transcript

Transcript: 120201cb.253

Subject: US DEMOCRATIC PARTY (90%); PARDONS (89%); RULE OF LAW (89%); US PRESIDENTS (89%); VERDICTS (85%); POLITICAL PARTIES (78%); JURY TRIALS (66%); Joe Biden (%); Government (%); Policies (%); Politics (%)

Company:  FOX ENTERTAINMENT GROUP INC (92%)

Industry: NAICS516120 TELEVISION BROADCASTING STATIONS (92%); SIC4833 TELEVISION BROADCASTING STATIONS (92%)

Person: JOE BIDEN (92%); SEAN HANNITY (79%); ELIZABETH WARREN (78%); JERROLD NADLER (58%); NANCY PELOSI (58%)

Geographic: UNITED STATES (94%)

Load-Date: December 3, 2024


End of Document
