



Newstex Blogs 
Granite Grok
November 10, 2024 Sunday 5:00 PM EST


Delivered by Newstex LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Copyright 2024 Granite Grok 
Length: 650 words
Byline: Auntie Vaquser
Body


November 10th, 2024 (   - Delivered by   )
Liberal women (some liberal women) think they can teach men a lesson. Men voted for Trump, and Trump won, so they are going to refuse to have sex with them. I'm assuming these are women who have sex with men, but the odds are high; it is a lot of women most men wouldn't have sex with (some of  
Let's assume the former. How dumb are they? Years of Liberal policies have emasculated men, lowered their testosterone, and generally sowed a disinterest in coupling. Some men have even been convinced they are women. Are they holding out, too? How about the non-binary women (see also women with whom no one is having sex)? But I suppose it makes sense. Their entire lives are centered on sexuality, actively practiced or not, so it may be the only commodity with which they think they have currency.

Our reproductive rights are being erased.
Until women have legal control over our own bodies we just cannot risk pregnancy.
JOIN ME by not having sex until we get bodily autonomy back.
I'm calling for a   

So, the presumption that women's reproductive rights are under threat leads some women to swear off sex with men. The single best way to avoid an unwanted pregnancy. Abstinence. Something verboten as a reproductive rights topic under every other circumstance. The right to not have sex is a right when it is a weapon. Good to know.
Planned parenthood hit hardest? The 2019 'protest' was as misguided as its 2024 - dare I say - offspring? Unhinged, angry women are taking out their ignorance  
Mr Trump swept to victory in Tuesday's presidential race that Democrats cast as 
Some women are now threatening 
Interest in the '4B movement' spiked since Kamala Harris's defeat, with women sharing videos of themselves on social media pledging to commit to its four 'no's' - no sex, no dating or marriage and no having children with men - for the next four years
Can we be brutally honest? Who thinks these sorts of people self-censoring themselves sexually from the gene pool is a bad idea? Who thinks they can actually do it? Four years. Weaponizing sex suggests you are already a fan and use it to manipulate men. How exactly are you going to go without it for four years? It seems unlikely, but it's an excellent insider trading tip. Buy stock in sex toy manufacturers?
Back in the real world no one who loves women is upset about this because the protest is based on misinformation. The media, which lies constantly, has convinced some people that Donald Trump is going to ban abortion. Nothing could be further from the truth. Trump is on the record saying this is a state's rights issue. Not Federal. States and the people in them should decide this, and that means he's not letting Congress do anything to change that. He would veto any federal effort to act on the matter.
If the Democrat's media stenographers know this (and they do), you might want to ask what else they would lie about or have. The answer is everything. But you go, girl. Give up sex (with men) - if you are having it to begin with - for the lie. But if you are refusing it to anyone who is not a beta male, they may decide to find a real woman who isn't so easily fooled by paid professional lairs.
I was a Lying Dog-Faced Pony Soldier. Then I was a Browncoat fighting the tyranny of the Covidists and their Public Health Tyranny Alliance (Among other things). Now I'm just Auntie Vaquser.



Notes

The views expressed in any and all content distributed by Newstex and its re-distributors (collectively, the "Newstex Authoritative Content") are solely those of the respective author(s) and not necessarily the views of Newstex or its re-distributors. Stories from such authors are provided "AS IS," with no warranties, and confer no rights. The material and information provided in Newstex Authoritative Content are for general information only and should not, in any respect, be relied on as professional advice. Newstex Authoritative Content is not "read and approved" before it is posted. Accordingly, neither Newstex nor its re-distributors make any claims, promises or guarantees about the accuracy, completeness, or adequacy of the information contained therein or linked to from such content, nor do they take responsibility for any aspect of such content. The Newstex Authoritative Content shall be construed as author-based content and commentary. Accordingly, no warranties or other guarantees are offered as to the quality of the opinions, commentary or anything else appearing in such Newstex Authoritative Content. Newstex and its re-distributors expressly reserve the right to delete stories at its and their sole discretion.
Classification


Language: English

Publication-Type: Web Publication

Journal Code: 136216

Subject: LIBERALISM (90%); REPRODUCTIVE RIGHTS (90%); ABORTION RIGHTS (89%); FEMINISM & WOMEN'S RIGHTS (89%); PREGNANCY & CHILDBIRTH (89%); ABORTION (78%); FAMILY PLANNING (78%); INTERNET SOCIAL NETWORKING (78%); PHOTO & VIDEO SHARING (78%); POLITICAL PARTIES (78%); US PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATES 2012 (78%); US PRESIDENTIAL ELECTIONS (78%); WOMEN (78%); NONBINARY PERSONS (74%); CENSORSHIP (73%); COURTSHIP & DATING (73%); HEADS OF GOVERNMENT ELECTIONS (73%); REFERENDUMS (73%); SOCIAL MEDIA (73%); CONTRACEPTION (71%); National (%); 2024 Elections (%); Abortion (%); sex (%); Top Stories (%)

Industry: INTERNET SOCIAL NETWORKING (78%); PHOTO & VIDEO SHARING (78%); SOCIAL MEDIA (73%); CONTRACEPTION (71%)

Person: KAMALA HARRIS (73%)

Load-Date: November 10, 2024


End of Document
