



Newsweek.com
November 12, 2024 Tuesday 12:40 PM EST


Copyright © 2024 Newsweek Inc. All Rights Reserved


Length: 687 words
Byline: Jordan King
Highlight: "It was sort of a joke...because it's based on what all these women have been saying which is 'my body, my choice,'" Fuentes said.
Body


Right-wing commentator Nick Fuentes had his home address leaked amid backlash about his comments about women, according to reports on social media.
The nationalist podcaster  while celebrating President-elect 's victory last week and people have responded by "doxxing" him—a term used to refer to the publishing of private information online, usually with malicious intent.
Fuentes, who has faced backlash for multiple controversial comments in the past, has not officially confirmed any of the online reports about his address being leaked, but he  conservative media figure  about it.
Referring to reports of Fuentes pepper-spraying a woman who showed up at his home, Owens wrote: "She is lucky she wasn't in a 'stand your ground' state or she could have been shot. I do not recommend showing up at any person's front door down here in Tennessee...."
A "stand your ground" state is one that legally allows individuals to use deadly force to defend themselves, without a duty to retreat.
Fuentes, 26, made the comment in a video and on X, formerly , where his "Your body, my choice. Forever." post has 91.6 million views.
In a video posted on Rumble three days ago, Fuentes defended the comment, essentially arguing that it was a critique of the pro-choice movement and modern feminism.
"It was sort of a joke, you know, because it's based on what all these women have been saying which is 'my body, my choice,'" he said. "And can we just be honest? They are so annoying. So shrill, so annoying. And let me remind everybody—women were willing, objectively speaking—they were willing to destroy the country to keep the right to kill their own children in the womb. That is what most women in this country voted for. That's all the  offered."
He went on to say that his comment was "a fun little play on that expression" and called it "such obvious rage baiting."
Fuentes also said: "There is a very serious point underlying it, which is that women actually deserve to be mocked for this. Not all women obviously, not women who are mothers, not women who are married, not women who are Trump supporters and the like, but we are talking about a very pernicious faction of women. They may be the majority...and they are radical, shrieking, shrill, whining b****** and they are ruining this country.
"I don't apologize for what I said. You know, it was said in a jokey context."
In the same clip, Fuentes said: "Women should not have the right to vote, women should be treated differently to men in society."
Newsweek has contacted Fuentes via direct message on X for comment.
 following the election, with some resorting to , a trend that began in South Korea and means they abstain from romantic relationships with men.
The four Bs refer to: bihon (no marriage), bichulsan (no childbirth), biyeonae (no dating) and bisekseu (no sex). It encourages women to reclaim autonomy over their bodies and reject traditional gender norms of marriage and childbearing.
Fuentes criticized the media for framing his comment within the context of Trump's victory, arguing that he often makes similar comments, which have seldom gone viral while President  has been in office.
"I have been extremely radical over the past two years and it hardly is a blip on the radar," he said. "I say stuff like I say on that stream every night on this show for years and the only time it has become a viral sensation, almost every time, is when Trump was the president. That was it. Never when Biden was the president, or rarely when Biden was the president. It's not a coincidence."
Newsweek has contacted Trump's team via email for any comment.
Fuentes showed support for Trump in 2020 and had dinner with him at Mar-a-Lago in 2022, alongside Ye (formerly ), but this year he didn't endorse Trump, saying his supporters were part of a cult.
In his most recent video, Fuentes called Trump's victory a "blessing for this country," while adding that he is "imperfect."


Graphic

 
Nick Fuentes
AP
File photo from November 11, 2020, of Nick Fuentes holding a rally at the Michigan State Capitol in Lansing, Michigan. Fuentes' home address has been leaked online amid the backlash to his comments about women.
Classification


Language: ENGLISH

Publication-Type: Web Publication

Subject: SOCIAL MEDIA (90%); VIRAL VIDEOS (90%); CONSERVATIVE MEDIA (89%); FEMINISM & WOMEN'S RIGHTS (89%); NATIONALISM (89%); CONSERVATISM (79%); CHILDREN, ADOLESCENTS & TEENS (78%); DOXING (78%); INTERNET SOCIAL NETWORKING (78%); RIGHT TO VOTE (77%); POLITICAL PARTIES (75%); INTERNET PRIVACY (71%); VOTERS & VOTING (61%); News (%)

Industry: SOCIAL MEDIA (90%); VIRAL VIDEOS (90%); CONSERVATIVE MEDIA (89%); DOXING (78%); INTERNET SOCIAL NETWORKING (78%); PODCASTING (73%); INTERNET PRIVACY (71%)

Person: DONALD TRUMP (79%)

Geographic: TENNESSEE, USA (79%)

Load-Date: November 12, 2024


End of Document
