



CE Noticias Financieras English
December 25, 2024 Wednesday


Copyright 2024 Content Engine, LLC.
All Rights Reserved
Copyright 2024 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights Reserved
Length: 1660 words
Body


One of the unexpected consequences of Donald Trump's victory in the US elections was the activation of the 4B feminist movement. The second term of the Republican tycoon, known for his explicit rejection of women, immigrants, racialized groups and the LGTBIQ+ community, aroused the concern of a group of feminists who, through social networks, decided to group together and adopt the ideas of the so-called 4B movement to cope with the four years of an administration they reject. But what is it about, how did it come about and what is its objective?
The 4B is a feminist movement that originated in South Korea in 2015, which emerged in response to the mandates of a highly patriarchal society. "It consists of four actions (or rather, non-actions) by heterosexual women in the face of the misogyny and systematic machismo they suffer in their daily lives," Gabriela Cho, a graduate and professor in Classical Letters (UBA) and teacher of Korean, explained to TN.
These "non-actions" are represented by the letter "B", which refers to the character "?" (bi), and mean:
Bisekseu: Not to have sex with men.
Bichulsan: Not to give birth/have children with men.
Biyeonae: Not to date or have a romantic relationship with men.
Bihon: Not to marry.
Now, Trump's return to power led a group of American women to join this movement. "I'm contributing as an American woman by breaking up with my Republican boyfriend and officially joining the 4B movement," one user posted on her TikTok account 
The motives behind the 4B movement and the brutal crime that brought it to the forefront
The 4B concept first appeared in 2015 on the website of a radical feminist group and gradually spread to other branches of feminism, partially or completely, as it seemed a bit over the top to some. However, in 2016, there was an event that marked a before and after in the Asian feminist movement: the Gangnam case.
One night, Kim Sung-min, 34, entered the public restroom of a karaoke bar near Gangnam subway station in Seoul. He waited there for a few minutes and carefully watched everything going on inside. He let several men in and out, until a woman entered and he stabbed her to death.

Investigators were struck by the fact that the killer did not know the victim, but his goal - it was later discovered - was to kill any woman who entered the bathroom. "His motivation was what was most shocking: he was angry and resentful towards women because he felt ignored by them," Cho said.
The crime aroused intense anger among women, who decided to go out to protest and become more interested in breaking the misogynist structure installed in the population. This is not an isolated phenomenon. A study by the Korea Institute of Criminology revealed that 80% of South Korean men abused - either physically or psychologically - their partners.
"4B, like any radical social movement, is an inarticulate outburst of the heart; that is, a disproportionate and radical reaction to accumulated frustration over the issue of prolonged injustice. Like any sudden social movement in opposition to long-standing injustice and discriminatory policies (feminism, progressivism, gender and identity issues, etc.), it is a mixture of moral outrage (justified) and radical response (emotional and irrational) in search of a panacea," Sung-Yoon Lee, an American scholar specializing in Korean Studies and a research associate at Harvard University's Korea Institute, told TN.
According to him, South Korea has always been - and still is - dominated by a macho culture. "In Confucian ethics, men and women were attributed different (and supposedly complementary) roles. In reality, these norms meant that a woman's ideal mission was motherhood, that a wife was subservient to her husband (and her parents), and that having a child to perpetuate the family name was a woman's 'purpose in life.' These burdensome social norms go some way to explaining why South Korea and Japan, as wealthy democracies, have the worst gender equality among OECD countries," he said.
In fact, Korea has one of the largest gender pay gaps. According to The Economist, a woman earns only 63% of a man's salary. Cho said that "this data is quite striking if one observes that over the past few years the proportion of women trained in higher education became significantly higher than that of men."
"Considering the context of South Korean women, the 4B movement, then, is seen as a way to protect themselves from the negative consequences of engaging with men in a patriarchal society, especially through marriage, including gender-based violence and the unequal distribution of housekeeping and caregiving tasks," she added.
What was the real impact of 4B on South Korean society?
Although initially accepted, the radical idea of breaking all ties with men (from not having casual relationships to not having children) aroused a negative reaction in a large part of South Korean society.
Even the government itself created a kind of profile to "detect potential feminists" based on their haircut or style. According to this arbitrary perception, those women who adhere to this trend have shaved heads or very short hair and do not wear make-up because it is their way of demonstrating their opposition to the imposed beauty standards. Another of the "suspicious aspects" is being a student of women's universities, created precisely because the applicants were rejected in other institutes of higher education.
One of the initiatives of women who adhere to 4B is to shave their heads to make themselves visible (Video: @women.lives.matter).
Cho recalled a case that reflects this denial of feminism in South Korea: Olympic champion An San. Despite having won three gold medals at the Tokyo 2020 Olympics, she was criticized in her country for being considered a "feminist" for having short hair and being a student at a women's university.
To counter this movement, local authorities multiplied incentives for giving birth, having more than one child or tax exemption for marriage. "While the 4B movement conveyed a powerful message challenging sexism, as a social movement it did not gain traction," Sung-Yoon Lee noted.
Donald Trump's victory and the reaction of feminism in the U.S.
Trump's election victory triggered a ripple effect among Democratic women voters.
While there is no organized movement, endorsements of the 4B mandates began to multiply among female users of the various social networks.
"Sometimes when I think about the men I allowed access to my body, mind, soul and heart, I think about what was wrong with me that I allowed that person to get so close to me. They treat your body like it's a playground, they literally don't care how they hurt you mentally and emotionally. They don't care about your safety. It makes me sad to think about my younger self, but I think about how you guys can do better," wrote a woman who identified herself as Maria on her TikTok profile
Others preferred to alert women to what's coming in the U.S. under a new Trump term, and all the more so after "influencer" Nick Fuentes, on Election Day itself, mocked the feminist slogan "My body, my choice" and posted a comment with the caption "Your body, my choice. Forever."
The reactions were immediate. "I am in the movement, but please be careful. These are the same men who say women should go home again and the same man who tweeted 'your body, my choice forever.' Remember single men who are more depressed than women are now, if you eliminate your casual relationship and there is a group of women who just stop dating, you are going to wake up a group of angry men. So I'm warning you, be careful when dating alone," she posted.
Cho was not shocked. "While I was not expecting it, I am not at all surprised that a movement like 4B has resonated in the United States, especially after someone like Trump, known for his hate speeches and implementation of public policies against women, immigrants, etc., was elected president. The fact that a candidate with this profile, and who has also been accused of rape and sexual abuse, has been elected as the new head of state, makes the 4B movement a refuge and a possible answer for women," she said.
The teacher said that this interest in 4B began to circulate before the elections, more specifically, from the annulment of the Supreme Court ruling known as Roe v. Wade, which guaranteed since 1973 the right to abortion in the country. "Faced with the risk of getting pregnant and not being able to have an abortion in some states, many American women, inspired by 4B, began to consider the alternative of not having sex with men," she explained.

In addition, she remarked that "in the networks there is also talk about the 'gender war', which consists of the ideological gap between women and men. While women tend to lean towards the human rights agenda and more progressive ideas, men feel challenged by more conservative beliefs," she said.
In this scenario, Cho noted "the rise of red pill content (about the men's rights movement), incels (involuntary celibates) and podcasters who incite their audience to believe in the superiority of men over women. This ideological gap is further intensified by the growing presence of women in qualified spaces, which is also seen in South Korea," he said.
Sung-Yoon Lee is more skeptical. He said the 4B movement relies more on an emotional response.
"It may be imitated by people in other countries, but, as in the original birthplace, the movement, which of course stems from earlier social impulses such as feminism, will have limited impact, scale and longevity. I don't think it is realistic to expect that a sizeable minority, say 20% of the total population, will ever practice 4B principles in any country in the world. The emotional response to Trump's election, therefore, will be short-lived, on par with other widely observed emotional reactions in the past such as "I'm moving to Canada and never coming back" anymore, he concluded.
Classification


Language: ENGLISH

Publication-Type: Newspaper

Journal Code: CENFENG

Subject: FEMINISM & WOMEN'S RIGHTS (93%); CHILDREN, ADOLESCENTS & TEENS (90%); COURTSHIP & DATING (90%); INTERNET SOCIAL NETWORKING (89%); NEGATIVE SOCIETAL NEWS (89%); WOMEN (89%); CRIME, LAW ENFORCEMENT & CORRECTIONS (85%); NEGATIVE NEWS (85%); MISOGYNY (78%); MEN (77%); SOCIAL MEDIA (76%); IMMIGRATION, CITIZENSHIP & DISPLACEMENT (72%); INTERPERSONAL RELATIONSHIPS (71%); COLLEGE & UNIVERSITY PROFESSORS (67%); NEGATIVE MISC NEWS (67%); STABBINGS (67%); INVESTIGATIONS (60%); PENETRATING WOUNDS (60%); PUBLIC RESTROOMS (60%); SOCIAL NETWORKING (56%); Internacional (%)

Industry: INTERNET SOCIAL NETWORKING (89%); SOCIAL MEDIA (76%); COLLEGE & UNIVERSITY PROFESSORS (67%)

Person: DONALD TRUMP (79%)

Geographic: UNITED STATES (92%); SOUTH KOREA (90%)

Load-Date: January 27, 2025


End of Document
