



CE Noticias Financieras English
March 8, 2024 Friday


Copyright 2024 Content Engine, LLC.
All Rights Reserved
Copyright 2024 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights Reserved
Length: 982 words
Body


This Friday, March 8, the streets of the world were painted purple and green; and in their squares a single cry was heard: justice and life for all . From Afghanistan to Spain, through France, Honduras and Argentina, thousands of women mobilized on Friday to demand their rights in the wake of International Women's Day.
The protests came at a time when women's rights are under threat of "rollback" around the world, warned UN Secretary General Antonio Guterres.
In Latin America, feminist groups called for demonstrations in several countries such as Mexico, Colombia, Uruguay, Honduras, Chile and Argentina.
Take the chainsaw out of our rights", said one of the slogans of the Argentinean collectives, in rejection of the recent anti-feminist measures of the ultra-liberal president Javier Milei.
We recommend: What is South Korea's radical feminist 4B movement? No dating, sex, marriage and children.
Afghanistan
Small groups of women demonstrated discreetly in Afghanistan, where the Taliban expelled them from public life since their return to power in August 2021.
Women cannot travel without being accompanied by a male family member or have access to certain jobs. Nor do they have access to secondary or university education, or to parks, fairs or gyms.
In Balj, in the north, several of them held a sign that read: "Save the women of Afghanistan". 
Argentina
In Argentina, tens of thousands of women marched "with renewed strength" in repudiation of the anti-feminist measures of the ultra-liberal President Javier Milei and his "chainsaw" to cut public spending.
Since he took office in December, the president closed the Ministry of Women, the National Institute against Discrimination and banned inclusive language in all public administration communications. He also referred again on Wednesday to abortion as "murder". 
Spain
Tens of thousands of women demonstrated in Spain, although the feminist movement again marched divided in some cities over their differences on some issues, such as the abolition of prostitution or free gender self-determination.
It's over! Feminists are everywhere," read a poster in the center of Madrid, in reference to the slogan popularized by the Spanish national soccer players after the forced kiss of the former president of the Federation, Luis Rubiales, to the player Jenni Hermoso.
France
Thousands of people demonstrated in Paris and other cities after the country on Monday became the first in the world to enshrine in its constitution the "guaranteed freedom" of women to have an abortion.
The law, adopted Monday, was pushed by the leftist opposition and the ruling party, after the U.S. Supreme Court stopped recognizing abortion as a right at the federal level in 2022.
Honduras
Dozens of women gathered near the National Congress in downtown Tegucigalpa to demand "justice, equality, respect and equity," according to the banners they carried.
The director of the Observatory of Violence of the National University, Migdonia Ayestas, assured that Honduras is the country with "more violent deaths of women and femicides in Latin America and the fifth in the world", after South Africa, Jamaica, Botswana and Namibia.
In 2022, there were 308 violent deaths of women, Ayestas noted. In 2023 there were 380, she deplored.
Iran
In Iran, violent repression of mostly peaceful demonstrations and "institutionalized discrimination" against women and girls resulted in "crimes against humanity," said an expert report commissioned by the UN Human Rights Council.
The investigation, in which Iranian authorities refused to participate, was commissioned by the UN after mass protests rocked the country.
The demonstrations were sparked in September 2022 following the death in custody of Mahsa Amini, a 22-year-old woman arrested by morality police for allegedly wearing the veil incorrectly.
Ireland
A referendum was held in Ireland seeking to modernize references to women and the family in its Constitution, drafted in 1937 when the Catholic Church was imposing its dogma on the country.
Italy
Tens of thousands of people demonstrated in Rome and Milan against gender violence, after the shock caused by several femicides in recent months . 
Pakistan
Hundreds of women demonstrated in major cities in Pakistan, where mobilizations in favor of women's rights are often criticized by conservative religious groups.
We face all kinds of violence: physical, sexual, cultural (...) child marriage, rape, harassment at work and on the streets," said Farzana Bari, organizer of a protest in Islamabad, the capital.
Congo
In the Democratic Republic of Congo, thousands of women dressed in black to mourn the deaths caused by the conflicts in the east of the country.
We, the women of DR Congo, reject war, rape and the plundering of our resources," they cried out in Bukavu, capital of South Kivu. 
Russia
Russian President Vladimir Putin on Friday praised women soldiers fighting in Ukraine and those supporting Moscow's offensive against the neighboring country.
Defense Minister Sergey Shoigu thanked the mothers of soldiers fighting in Ukraine and told them, "You have raised true patriots and brave defenders of the homeland."
In recent weeks, soldiers' wives organized demonstrations in front of the Kremlin to demand their return.
South Africa
In South Africa, nearly 200 women demonstrated in support of the South African Jewish Council to denounce the violations and abuses committed by Hamas against Israeli hostages in Gaza.
"We are deeply saddened by the horrors and atrocities committed by Hamas terrorists," lamented one of the organizers, Gabriella Farber Cohen.
Turkey
Hundreds of women gathered on a street leading to Istanbul's Taksim Square, closed as in previous years.
A march is also planned in the capital, Ankara, on a street where protests have been banned for years.
We recommend: VIDEO: Male robot harasses female reporter in Saudi Arabia.
With information from AFP.
ORP
Classification


Language: ENGLISH

Publication-Type: Newspaper

Journal Code: CENFENG

Subject: FEMINISM & WOMEN'S RIGHTS (91%); WOMEN (90%); GOVERNMENT BODIES & OFFICES (89%); LIBERALISM (89%); MISOGYNY (89%); PROTESTS & DEMONSTRATIONS (89%); FAR LEFT POLITICS (88%); DISCRIMINATION (78%); SUPREME COURTS (78%); NEGATIVE MISC NEWS (77%); TERRORISM & COUNTERTERRORISM (76%); COURTSHIP & DATING (73%); GOVERNMENT & PUBLIC ADMINISTRATION (73%); LAW COURTS & TRIBUNALS (73%); UNITED NATIONS (73%); TALIBAN (72%); CHRISTIANS & CHRISTIANITY (70%); ABORTION (67%); ATHLETES (50%); SOCCER (50%)

Industry: SEX INDUSTRY (68%)

Person: JAVIER MILEI (90%); ANTONIO GUTERRES (72%)

Geographic: MADRID, SPAIN (79%); PARIS, FRANCE (79%); TEGUCIGALPA, HONDURAS (79%); ARGENTINA (94%); HONDURAS (93%); SPAIN (93%); AFGHANISTAN (90%); FRANCE (90%); CHILE (79%); LATIN AMERICA (79%); MEXICO (79%); SOUTH KOREA (79%); UNITED STATES (79%); URUGUAY (79%)

Load-Date: March 9, 2024


End of Document
