



Salon.com
December 27, 2024 Friday


Copyright 2024 Salon.com, LLC. All Rights Reserved


Length: 1483 words
Highlight: Republicans idealize "traditional" marriage, but their actions make the straight life a bad prospect
Body



 to give your wife an orgasm? More than five decades " one would think this was a settled question,  and , the MAGA movement is bringing back sexual dysfunction as part of their dubious vision of a "great" America. In what may be the most "2024" clip of the year,  called it "gay" to have sex with a woman for pleasure, arguing the "best part about having sex is reproduction" and sneering at people who "just have an orgasm." 
"No gay sex with women, guys," the progressive host, Luke Beasley, responded. Missing Beasley's sarcasm, Moody replied, "Very true. I agree."
 
Moody's earnestness is funny, but it's not like his attitude is all that different from that of his hero, Donald Trump. The president-elect is infamously a cad, but , he has no concern about the experience of any woman unfortunate enough to be alone with him. As both E. Jean  Carroll's testimony and Trump's deposition in his civil rape trial show, Trump sees sex as a zero-sum encounter where a man's pleasure comes at the expense of a woman's trauma. Whether the point is joyless impregnation or a woman's humiliation, the common theme is that hetero-sex isn't about mutual satisfaction, but conquest. 
Despite these ugly attitudes from Trump and his supporters, in the past few months, there's  and  that it's better to be single than waste your one precious life dating - much less marrying - conservative men. Trump's running mate, Sen. JD Vance of Ohio, famously and " even though it's self-evident that cats make better company than MAGA men. Even involved, calling on women to "compromise" by marrying Trump voters. 
Want more Amanda Marcotte on politics? Subscribe to her newsletter Standing Room Only.
In 2024, women increasingly responded to these pressures with a "no thank you," though often phrased less politely. After Trump won the election, there was even , where women quit dating, marrying, or having children with men.  than realistic, but the discourse mattered nonetheless. It created space for women to ask the question: Why should they sacrifice their happiness to save the institution of heterosexuality? 
Despite being led by a thrice-divorced chronic adulterer, the MAGA movement is downright obsessed with heterosexual marriage. The  existed because he spends so much time in right-wing media spaces, where getting everyone married off - ideally to an opposite-sex partner - is a singular obsession. And yet the model of heterosexuality promoted in the MAGA world is demoralizing. It seems joyless and sad, especially for women. The right's sales pitch for straightness is so gross that it backfires. 
Social media right now is an ocean of would-be propaganda for traditional heterosexual marriage.  on platforms like TikTok and Instagram.  typically conservative Christians with large families who chronicle their daily lives online. The world of Christian right content online is far more interested in the maintenance and promotion of the patriarchal nuclear family than, say, the life of Jesus Christ, who died as one of those "childless cat ladies" Vance hates so much. Billionaire Peter Thiel has even funded a woman's magazine,  that positions extremely conservative marriage as the only true path for women's lives. 
Despite the glossy and often expensive aesthetics of this content, however, the model of marriage on display is alienating, especially to women. Take a recent video by Paul and Morgan Olliges, who are "Getting Real & Having Fun". In it,  where Morgan confesses she barely sleeps, having been relegated to the baby's room so Paul can be fully rested for his pickleball tournament. We see that she is run ragged and emotionally raw from endless domestic labor, while he films himself hitting the gym and bragging about how many smoothies he can drink. They claim the goal of showing this disparity is to "get real," i.e. be relatable for the audience. The , where people said things like, "This is a reminder that someone can be an absent father even if they're technically 'there.'"
Last week,  much, if not the majority, of viewership for family vloggers is now the hate watchers. They watch these videos and then complain about them together in other social media spaces like Reddit. That could sound petty, , many content creators and online forums are doing something more interesting: using "trad" content to promote progressive, feminist values. By mocking "tradwives" or vloggers like the Olliges, these creators are using humor and online conflict as bait to promote their ideals of equality and argue that traditional gender roles create resentment that is the antithesis of love. 
On some level, it appears that MAGA leaders and messengers understand that their vision of heterosexual life is not persuasive to women, which is why they often start entertaining the use of force. Abortion bans are the most overt example of how Republicans are fighting to deny women the ability to walk away from relationships that aren't serving them. In Texas, the abortion ban allows people to sue anyone who helped a woman abort a pregnancy. The who are trying to punish ex-girlfriends or ex-wives for leaving them. Some in the MAGA movement don't think that goes far enough and are floating the idea of ending laws that allow women to divorce without having to prove to a judge her reasons for leaving are "good" enough. Unsurprisingly, Vance has been at the forefront of this, arguing that . 
But MAGA leaders aren't just interested in legal force to trap women in marriage. Social shaming is a major tool, as well. That's what Vance is doing with his endless "cat lady" quotes, trying to insult women into settling for unhappy marriages. The , as well, as it rests on the assumption that women have a duty to soothe and placate men with sex, and men are deprived of their rights if this isn't happening. Shamefully, many centrist publications have glomed on to the idea that women are obliged to be in relationships with men for the betterment of society. "Women also must take this opportunity to bring men along with us," scolded Kami Rieck at the New York Times, who are feeling demoralized about dating men.  for liberal women to be hesitant to date men when so many of them are Trump voters.
This fantasy that women can liberalize men through the power of sex is belied, however, by what MAGA creators themselves are showing the world about marriage, which they portray as an institution where the woman submits herself to a man - which includes letting him be the boss on political ideology. We can see women's skepticism in the population data. Nearly . Among single people,  but only 38% of women say the same. " the widespread fear that straight people, especially women, have that it may be impossible to be happy in a straight relationship.
I don't personally feel that way, to be clear. My a feminist and no, I didn't convert him by manipulating him sexually. (I wish I were so alluring!) Feminist men may not be the majority, but they are more numerous than one would think, after reading articles instructing women to suck it up and marry a Trumper. But with the flood of "manfluencers" and "tradwives" and family vloggers out there, I get why women would feel down on straight marriages. The model of heterosexuality pushed from every corner by conservative media looks oppressive for women and frankly kind of sad for men. They may get free housework out of it, but at the cost of something way better: to be in love with someone you actually like and respect. And not having to worry if your wife's orgasm makes you gay.
Classification


Language: ENGLISH

Publication-Type: Web Publication

Subject: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN MOVEMENT (90%); COURTSHIP & DATING (89%); MARRIAGE (89%); POLITICAL PARTIES (89%); US REPUBLICAN PARTY (89%); CAMPAIGNS & ELECTIONS (79%); CONSERVATISM (79%); ELECTIONS & POLITICS (79%); CATS (78%); LGBTQ+ PERSONS (78%); WOMEN (78%); POLITICS (74%); SEX OFFENSES (73%); SEXUAL ASSAULT (73%); SEXUAL DYSFUNCTION (73%); DEPOSITIONS (71%); CHRISTIANS & CHRISTIANITY (70%)

Person: DONALD TRUMP (79%); J D VANCE (79%); STORMY DANIELS (70%)

Geographic: UNITED STATES (79%)

Load-Date: December 27, 2024


End of Document
