



Fox News FOX HANNITY 9:00 PM EST
November 21, 2024 Thursday


Copyright 2024 Fox News Network LLC All Rights Reserved 
Section: NEWS; Domestic
Length: 7108 words
Byline: Sean Hannity, Gregg Jarrett
Guests: Josh Hawley, Bill Hagerty, Alan Dershowitz, Drew Pinsky, Jim Breuer
Body


SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: Welcome to "Hannity".
And tonight, we begin with a FOX News alert. It is another good night for Republicans. President-elect Donald Trump has announced his new pick for attorney general, that is Pam Bondi. Now this is a terrific nomination for many, many reasons. Now, Pam worked as a prosecutor for nearly two decades, was the first woman elected -- two-time elected attorney general the great state of Florida where she served for eight years. Pam Bondi known for being tough on crime, worked hard to curb drug trafficking, pill mills in Florida. And during her tenure, Florida became one of the safest states in the country.
Florida's balance of freedom and security is a big reason why people like me and so many others have decided to move to the great free state of Florida in the past decade.
Now, as we continue, of course, during the election one of the top concerns for voters, it was rising crime, wasn't it, you know, small towns, big cities all across the country. This nomination is a clear sign that President-elect Trump intends to make good on his promise to make America safe again. If you need any more evidence in Pam Bondi will do a great job, take a look at the reaction at MSDNC, kind of priceless actually. Take a look.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Pam Bondi is exactly what I was saying in the last segment that we should all fear because she's competent. We may not agree with her ideologically but she actually knows how to do this job. So if anyone on the Democratic side or anyone who cared about liberty or justice was thinking, well, maybe Matt Gaetz will screw this up and that'll give us some time, no, Pam Bondi knows what she's doing. She is a dangerous and effective pick and that's frankly worse than what we would have got with Matt Gaetz.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
HANNITY: I think Matt Gaetz who saw that it politically was becoming untenable, I think they both share the same values in this sense is we must not ever weaponize the Department of Justice. What they did to Donald Trump and people around him can never ever happen again ever, and we've got to restore institutions at like the FBI, the CIA, to their former greatness because they have been politicized, weaponized. That has to end. It can't be -- they go after us when they're in power, we go after them when they're in power -- no, this has to end all together.
In other good news, Democrat sore loser Bob Casey, wow, amazing, he finally conceded weeks after Republican challenger Dave McCormick was declared the winner, Republicans now have a 53-seat majority in the U.S. Senate, even though vote counting continues in California, the 2024 elections pretty much now in the rear view mirror.
And after a humiliating loss, Democrats, they kind of stop pretending. The mask is coming off. In other words, the big lie, you know, they're not pretending anymore. They're no longer the party of hardworking, middle class men and women, all of you watching the show, the people that make this country great, they get up, work hard, play by the rules, pay your taxes, obey the laws, take your kids to church, study with them at night, cook them at dinner -- you make the country great.
Because they literally don't care -- they don't care about the people that make America great. They are -- they are, you know, West Coast elitist and East Coast elitist. Hollywood, San Francisco, New York, D.C., that's them.
The DHS Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas, the FBI director, they won't even bother to show up for their annual hearing on threats to our homeland. By the way, threats created by Harris and Biden and Mayorkas and their insane open borders crimes that should have been stopped by the FBI director who had a had an opportunity to change course and reclaim the greatness of the finest law enforcement institution ever designed by a man.
In the first time in 15 years, America's top security officials will not tell you with state of safety and security in our country. Now, they're accused of skipping out to avoid, quote, awkward questions about the heinous murder of Laken Riley at the hands of an illegal immigrant, just sentenced to life in prison, should have gotten the death penalty in my view.
Sadly, Laken is only one of a long list. We show you this we showed you this throughout the whole campaign. Americans murdered, raped, assaulted by unvetted Harris-Biden illegal immigrants, you know, who were welcomed into our country for now almost four straight years but Alejandro Mayorkas and the FBI Director Christopher Wray, they don't seem concerned to warn the American people.
Christopher Wray's been saying the threat level's never been this bad. Now that the election is over say, what? They're no longer pretending to care?
In fact, the Biden administration, they just loosened illegal immigration restrictions yet again. Biden's DHS is now allowing all illegals who are abusing the asylum process aided and abetted by Harris and Biden to skip their in-person check-ins at an ICE office, and just use an app, that's not working too well, to check in.
According to foxnews.com, quote, the app reportedly has severe glitching issues, does not track migrants location if he or she is using an android phone or a laptop. And further, the app does not check illegal immigrants for past arrest outstanding warrants. Now, what does that mean? That increases the odds dramatically that they will not be discovered ever again.
That includes known terrorists in this country, murderers, rapists, gang members, cartel members, other violent criminals. In other words, Harris, Biden, Mayorkas, their legacy is one where they have literally put what they consider the rights and there are no rights for illegal immigrants, but the rights of illegals in their mind over every single American safety and security, and they put it over the rule of law and our Constitution.
One New York City councilmember remarked, this doesn't seem to be in the spirit of the peaceful transition that Biden promised. I don't think so. I think that that city council member is right.
And the problems don't stop there, according to a report from the House Judiciary Committee, criminals might actually be using Biden's lax parole program to traffic women, young girls across the border, sex trafficking, prostitution. The report also shows, quote, welfare recipients, people involved with criminal activity and even other illegal immigrants have been approved as sponsors for those paroled after crossing the border illegally.
Remember on the campaign trail when border czar Kamala Harris claim she tried so hard to secure the border, but Republicans they got in the way. No, her bill was an amnesty bill that will allow 2 million people in the country every year, unvented, of course, and it also gave them discretion not to enforce the law. She was straight up lying.
But now, she's at it once again, totally unbothered by what has been. Kamala Harris still vice president, still border czar, on a lavish vacation in Hawaii, not a care in the world.
And as for your President Joe Biden, he's still president. The days are short, the naps are long, and the ability to do much of anything is waiting before our very eyes. Take a look.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I didn't know -- know any of these guys behind me, but they just showed up. I don't know where the hell they came from. 2024 NBA champions the Bos -- you're Celtics, right? The Boston Celtics..
(END VIDEO CLIP)
HANNITY: Why is that not funny? A sad, tragic end to a terrible presidency. And while Democrats, well, they struggled to pick up the pieces, maybe they could take some notes from Donald Trump.
Voters love the president's authenticity. They love that the president- elect says what he believes and with Democrats during an election, it's all smoke and it's all mirrors and it's all lies, and it's all name-calling, it's all demagoguery. I mean, it's all disgusting and repulsive to be honest. And frankly, it's exhausting.
Even disgraced former NBC News anchor Brian Williams who himself to be honest knows a thing or two about smoke and mirrors, he can see what's happening and maybe that expertise actually helped him perfectly diagnose the failures of the Democratic Party. Take a look at this.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
BRIAN WILLIAMS, FORMER NBC NEWS ANCHOR: It is tough love time for the Democratic Party. I think it needs to be stripped down and rebuilt. I think that means a change leadership. I want to know who thought it was a good idea that Joe Biden stand for another four years at 80 years of age and 37 percent popularity.
I think it's insulting when members of the working class which the Democratic Party has lost entirely in our lifetimes to insist the economy is doing great. I think the biggest unforced error of the Biden administration, by far, was the border. To tell people it's not a problem is insulting.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
HANNITY: Great analysis. Here's the problem, Brian, why didn't you tell the country before the election? And will Democrats actually learn from this loss? All indications are they will not. The party is no -- now so radical extreme left. It might be past the point of no return.
Anyway, here with reaction, Missouri Senator Josh Hawley.
Senator, let's start with you. Let's get analysis -- why would the FBI director, why would the DHS secretary, why would they not show up and for the first time in 15 years and tell the nation whether or not this country is safe and secure especially in light of known terrorists in the country, cartels in the country, gangs in the country, murderers, rapists, violent criminals in the country? Can you explain that?
SEN. JOSH HAWLEY (R-MO): Well, it's because they don't want to be accountable, Sean, for their terrible record. Just look at what happened yesterday with the conviction of the killer of Laken Riley who let that guy into the country. The answer is Alejandro Mayorkas at the behest of Joe Biden, of course. And Mayorkas has lied about this time after time after time. He didn't want to show up and have to answer questions about it.
Look at Director Wray, what has his FBI done, from the Russia hoax, to the wiretapping scandals, to trying to put spies into Christian churches? He doesn't want to have to answer questions about any of that. So, now, they're just not doing it. Now, they're just say, oh, we won't even show up.
Sean, this is an outrage and I just say with Wray, that guy shouldn't be FBI director one second longer. He needs to resign right now. President Trump needs to have the opportunity to appoint his successor and we need to clean house, Sean, from top to bottom in the FBI, at the DOJ, Homeland Security. We need a total and complete house cleaning.
HANNITY: One of the things that the president is proposing is to root out those people that are in the DOJ that have been weaponized. Everyone kind of understood that Matt Gaetz, smart as hell, no doubt about it. I think he would have been committed to restoring the DOJ and taking away weaponization.
Pam Bondi, impeccable credentials, loved by everybody, did a great job as AG. Okay, I think she'll have an easier time definitely being confirmed. Do you agree with that?
HAWLEY: I do. I think Pam Bondi is going to be great. I worked with her when I was the attorney general of Missouri. And here's what I think we need, Sean. We need a new Church Committee like we had way back in the `70s that looked into the abuses of the CIA and the IRS, we need one of those now for the Department of Justice and the FBI. We need to open the books on what these agencies, have done, how they've gone after Trump, how they've gone after conservatives, how they've gone after religious Americans, people of faith.
We need to lay it all be and then we need to fire everybody involved and we need to overhaul DOJ and the FBI, and I think Pam Bondi will be up for that task, and I hope that she will pledge right now to work with Congress to lay it all out, let the truth be known, to get it all out there and let's overhaul these agencies.
HANNITY: Do -- do you agree with me? It has to be a big part of the mission. After four years of -- well, really longer if you go back to James Comey and FISA abuse and, you know, the double standard when it comes to top secret classified information the way Donald Trump was treated versus Hillary Clinton. The way Joe Biden was treated, same issue, very different treatment.
But do you agree with me that we have to restore constitutional order? Do you agree that we can never have weaponization again? Do you agree with me that the FBI and our intelligence community can no longer be politicized, the way it has been, you know, the last eight years or longer?
HAWLEY: I think -- I think it's absolutely vital, Sean, and that's why we need a thorough and total accounting of how these agencies have been abused, how they have been turned into political weapons. What they have done against Trump, against Trump's supporters, against everyday Americans against churchgoing Americans. Let's get it all out there.
We need to expose all of it. We need to lay it all out there and then we need to have a top to bottom house cleaning. This I think is one of the most important things that President Trump can do. Pam Bondi can do, and that frankly Congress can do, and I look forward to getting after it.
HANNITY: What do you think -- why did -- why were Democrats in Pennsylvania, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania so willing to defy a September of this year a Supreme Court decision in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania as it relates to ballots and for a ballot to be valid that it needed the proper dating and proper signature? And then you have local officials deciding to ignore the Supreme Court order and then count ballots that shouldn't be counted anyway.
Now, the Supreme Court had to weigh in again they weighed in the same way they did in September. But we saw that with the student loan forgiveness program. They didn't listen.
We saw Harris, Biden, Mayorkas -- isn't it illegal to enter this country if you don't have proper authorization, but didn't they aid and abet in that law-breaking? Should they be held accountable for that? Wouldn't they hold Republicans accountable for that?
HAWLEY: Absolutely. What you're seeing is a total disregard, Sean, for the rule of law by the Democrat Party, by the Biden administration for years now. If you will not listen, if it's not advantageous to them, if the law doesn't work for them, they just ignore it. If some institution doesn't work for them, they bulldoze it, like the Supreme Court, or they take it over like the FBI.
This is why we've got to reclaim these institutions. We've got to clean them up. We've got to clean them out and we've got to get them working again for the American people and the rule of law.
HANNITY: How exciting, the idea that Vivek Ramaswamy and Elon Musk can cut $2 trillion, is that doable?
HAWLEY: Oh, I hope so. I mean, listen, I'm sure it is because when I look at the federal budget, when I look at the federal bureaucracy, there is gobs of waste and fraud and abuse, gobs of corruption. We need to root out all of that corruption in all of these agencies.
I think this is a generational opportunity. President Trump is the right guy for the job. I hope Congress is up to the task. We got a lot of work to do.
HANNITY: Waste, fraud, abuse corruption, that's a great start, and go back to the principle of greater freedom, limited government, something conservatives have been talking about advocating, you know, for decades, and this seems to be the one opportunity in our lifetime. And I hope it's not blown. And I hope Republicans are united and because it may be the only chance we have.
Senator Hawley, thank you. Appreciate you being with us.
Joining us now is Senator Bill Hagerty, the great state of Tennessee, Music City, land.
How are you, Senator? Great to have you back?
SEN. BILL HAGERTY (R-TN): Very well, Sean. Good to be with you tonight.
HANNITY: There is a rumor running around Washington but I know there's lots of rumors in Washington that you might be up for consideration for treasury. What could -- if anything, can you tell us about it? If asked, would you take it?
HAGERTY: Sean, I think that President Trump has some very personal decisions to make about his cabinet. The American public has spoken louder than ever. The landslide victory that he won is a mandate to change Washington significantly.
My colleague Senator Hawley I think mentioned the house cleaning that needs to happen. It needs to be completely rethought. That's what Elon Musk and Vivek Ramaswamy are going to do and that's what President Trump has empowered them to do.
The American public expect radical change to take place. He's going to select cabinet members that will help him do that. Again, that's a personal decision for him not a decision for me, but I'm certain of this -- he's going to pick the right people to help him come in and deliver on this mandate, people that can help him rethink the way government works and to bring the government back to the people, and take it away from the bureaucracy.
HANNITY: If asked, would you consider it?
HAGERTY: Sean, I have been honored like never before to serve the people of Tennessee as the United States senator from Tennessee. I was honored to serve in President Trump's administration when I served as U.S. ambassador to Japan. But I'm going to continue to keep my head down, keep focused on delivering for the American people in whatever role I might take.
HANNITY: I think two -- besides the border, the next two most important issues, inflation, the economy, high energy prices.
We have a Fed chair, unelected, appointed, not accountable to people. His name is Jerome Powell, and a lot of people have been very suspect of his monetary policy. He has declared that if Donald Trump asked him to step aside, that he would not do so. I don't think that should be his decision. Would President Trump have the ability to remove him?
HAGERTY: President Trump certainly has a mandate that we've never seen before coming in from the American people. Coming into office right now, he's got a massive mandate, and the very foundation of this mandate, Sean, is a strong economy. A strong economy will beget our military being stronger, it'll beget our safety at our border, and certainly, it will help us around the world with stronger diplomacy.
And what President Trump is entitled to is to have everybody pulling the ors in the same direction, to strengthen our economy. He should take a very hard look at the Fed. I can tell you even beyond Chairman Powell, you've got Vice Chair Barr who very much overstepped his boundaries as the vice chairman of supervision, stepping into regulatory arenas that are way outside of his mandate.
This all needs to be reined in. Again, our economy is going to be the foundation of it, getting back into the energy business again will be the foundation of it. But what we will see as a strong America. And as I say, everyone should be pulling in the right direction, that includes the chairman of the Fed.
HANNITY: How do you feel about the president's cabinet picks? And do you feel confident that all of them -- I know there's a lot of media criticism. I mean, Matt Gaetz in a statement today said he did not want to be a distraction, he wanted the president to hit the ground on day one and have his own AG, and certainly, I've known Pam for years. I think she'll be a great -- a great attorney general for the country.
HAGERTY: Yeah.
HANNITY: Senator Marco Rubio who you know very well. You have other more controversial picks that are mentioned out there. You know who they are.
Do you think the Senate will give the president the cabinet he is asking for? Because Republicans have a three-seat majority.
HAGERTY: Yeah, we absolutely should, Sean. And you could see this coming from a mile away. The American public have voted to take our nation back. They want radical change to take place. That's precisely what elites in Washington do not want to see. That's why you're seeing this resistance. That's why you're seeing all the pearl clutching going on in the media.
President Trump needs to put in place a team that's going to help him make this transformation possible. That's exactly why we're seeing this. But this Republican Senate needs to stand behind President Trump, get these cabinet members confirmed immediately and make certain that the change that the American public voted for overwhelmingly starts on day one.
HANNITY: We love our friends in Tennessee.
Senator, great to have you. Appreciate you being with us.
HAGERTY: Thank you, Sean.
HANNITY: When we come back, Jussie Smollett back in the news. Why? His conviction for the alleged hate crime hoax has been overturned. We get analysis. Gregg Jarrett, Alan Dershowitz, straight ahead.
Plus, Ellen DeGeneres and her partner, they're leaving the country. Very sad.
And also, we'll check in with Dr. Drew, straight ahead.
(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
HANNITY: All right. The extremely wild Jussie Smollett hate crime hoax took another crazy turn today as the Illinois state Supreme Court ruled that the original plea deal that Smollett struck with Chicago prosecutors was the final say on the matter. The court believed that no special prosecutor should have ever been appointed and Smollett should never have stood trial for his crimes, whether he's guilty or not guilty.
Meanwhile, in New York City, the trial for marine veteran Daniel Penny, that continues. Penny put a visibly unhinged homeless man, a guy by the name of Jordan Neely who had many, many run-ins with police in a chokehold after he threatened to murder multiple subway riders.
Now, Penny is facing manslaughter charges over the incident and today in court, an expert witness called by the defense testified that the chokehold did not kill this homeless man, instead the expert says it was a combination of his pre-existing medical issues and the drugs that were on him at the time that made him extra vulnerable during the incident.
Here with reaction, FOX News legal analyst Gregg Jarrett, former Harvard law professor Alan Dershowitz.
Professor, we start with you. Before we get to Jussie Smollett, let's talk about Daniel Penny. We've had multiple witnesses say they felt that their life was in jeopardy. He has a history, about 42 cases, run-ins with police and others. He went on that subway car. He threatened everybody in the car. You have a Good Samaritan coming to the rescue for all those people that felt their life was in danger.
Now, we have expert testimony saying he didn't die of the chokehold. Where does this -- where does this case stand in your mind at this time?
ALAN DERSHOWITZ, FORMER HARVARD LAW PROFESSOR: Before I get there, I just want to congratulate my friend Pam Bondi. I worked with her closely on the uh first presidential impeachment. What a great lawyer, what a great person she is. She'll do a great job for America.
Now, to the case you know what I worry about is that by focusing on the cause of death, which could go both ways. Did he die as the result of the choking? Did he die as a result of this?
It will maybe take attention away from the real issue and that is Penny did nothing wrong. He tried to stop somebody who might have killed so many people or hurt so many people. I'm a little concerned about that. It gives the juries two options out.
One, he didn't -- he didn't die as a result of that, but second, even if he did die as a result of that, Penny acted in self-defense. This case never ever should have been brought, not in a million years.
You don't bring a case where there's a reasonable defense and there's a reasonable defense in this case and it should never ever get to the jury. The jury I think will have quit. Worse, the hung jury, but it never should have gone to the jury. But that's Alvin Bragg, he brings the wrong cases.
HANNITY: Yeah. Let's get your take, Gregg?
GREGG JARRETT, FOX NEWS LEGAL ANALYST: Yeah. The defense is destroying the prosecution. It was already an anemic case, as the professor pointed out. And you know, today's medical expert really blew a gigantic hole in the prosecution when he tells the jury Neely didn't die from the chokehold, but he had enough drugs in his system to drop an elephant.
And what that really does is it gives jurors an excuse to acquit especially since the medical examiner called by the prosecutor didn't even wait for the toxicology before pronouncing it a homicide. You can't do that. No good doctor does that.
But even without the medical testimony, right, Sean, the jury already heard from multiple female passengers. They thought they were going to die. Neely was going to kill them and they were thankful that a courageous Daniel Penny step forward to save their lives.
So I agree, I don't think a jury that well knows how perilous the New York subway is, I call it a death trap. They're not going to convict him, justifiable defense of another, unintentional, not reckless, not a crime.
HANNITY: Gregg, let's give the first crack on the Jussie Smollett ruling. What's your take?
JARRETT: People should understand the decision today does not exonerate or absolve Smollett from inventing a racist hate crime hoax and then lying about it. Instead, the state Supreme Court in Illinois placed the blame squarely on Kim Foxx, the highly conflicted state attorney who did Smollett a big favor. She dropped all the charges and handed him a Hunter Biden-like sweetheart deal community service in exchange for a non-prosecution agreement.
And the high court said wait a minute, that agreement is binding, which makes his later conviction double jeopardy under the Fifth Amendment. So, basically, Smollett gets away with it and he's out there still gaslighting everybody, saying, oh, it really did happen. Nobody believes it.
HANNITY: What do you think, Professor?
JARRETT: No, the court is absolutely right. It was stuck with a very, very bad deal by the initial prosecutor and all blame should be put on that initial prosecutor for making that initial deal what to happen is the prosecutor tie the hands of the judicial system. The double jeopardy ruling is unfortunately for the victims and the people of Chicago the right ruling.
Now, they can still go after him civilly. There's no double jeopardy in civil cases. He cost the city of Chicago a very large amount of money, but more -- more than that, emotionally, you know, by having a noose around his neck, he created a problem that people who are really accused really guilty of racial crimes, you know, the victims won't be believed when they hear hoaxes like this.
And so, he ought to be punished severely in the court of public opinion. His career should be over and his lawyer -- he had two lawyers, one, a great lawyer, Mark Geragos, who did a terrific job on the appeal. But then another lawyer who was trying to make him out into be a hero, and he's not a hero.
He's a villain who was saved by our Constitution. The constitution protects guilty people as well as innocent people. Thank God for the Constitution, but no praise at all for Smollett.
HANNITY: All right. Quick predictions, how long will it take the radical extreme left your former party, Professor, how long will it take them to begin the process of either calling for impeachment, lawfare against Donald Trump? Because I'm guessing before he even gets sworn in, that's my guess.
DERSHOWITZ: I agree completely. Thank God you mentioned it's my former party. I am no longer a Democrat, after 19 Democratic senators voted to disarm Israel and after so many Democrats probably are praising the International Criminal Court --
HANNITY: Wait a minute --
DERSHOWITZ: Yeah?
HANNITY: This raises a question, who did you vote for? Would you tell us?
DERSHOWITZ: Well, you know, only my wife knows and that's what --
HANNITY: Come on, Professor. Come on, Professor. You're a shooter.
DESHOWITZ: I love my -- I love my wife, and I'm not going to tell this, I'm no longer a Democrat.
HANNITY: But I don't love you, Hannity. I don't even like you.
(LAUGHTER)
DERSHOWITZ: I love my wife more than I like you, okay? I'm not going to disclose that.
HANNITY: If you're choosing wisely, I totally agree.
Gregg, what do you think?
DERSHOWITZ: But let me tell you, I support Donald Trump I think he's going to be -- he's going to have my support because I support the president of the United States. I want him to have four great years.
HANNITY: He has a chance to be a transformational president and restore America to constitutional governance and limited government and greater freedom.
Gregg, how quickly? We have to run.
DERSHOWITZ: I want him to succeed.
JARRETT: Yeah, you know, I talked to Donald Trump after the election, and I said, you realize, Mr. President, they're going to come after you with lawsuits, within hours of the inauguration and they will persist in their law campaign. They'll try to impeach you again and he said, yeah, I know that. But this time, I think he's better prepared. He knows what's coming.
HANNITY: Oh, I predict it's before the -- before the inauguration. Let's see who's right.
All right. Greg Jarrett, Alan Dershowitz, thank you.
Now, before every election, you always hear some out of touch Hollywood celebrities that they're promising to flee the country if the Democrat loses. Well, apparently, some actually might be finally following through on the threat, which I'm fine with.
TMZ reporting that Ellen DeGeneres and her wife have decided to move full- time to a property that they purchased in England. And that's, you know, and that Trump's election was the driving force. They're going to sell their house in Montecito, California. We're told the couples scooped up the place before the election but were very disillusioned with Trump's victory and as one source put it, they immediately decided to get the hell out.
We did reach out to Ellen for comment. We have yet to hear back.
Remember, this follows Eva Longoria she left the U.S. for Mexico and Spain, and she now claims that Trump's win was not the reason for the move. Maybe a bad career move to say that.
Anyway, here with reaction is the host of "Ask Dr. Drew" on Rumble, the one and only Dr. Drew Pinsky.
All right. This is outside my area of expertise. This is your wheelhouse, to get into the minds of people that are so overreacting and flipping out, freaking out over Donald Trump's win.
DR. DREW PINSKY, HOST, "ASK DR. DREW": Yes.
HANNITY: Is there -- is there a psychological term for it?
PINSKY: First of all , I'm -- well, Sean, first of all I'm here to make sure you're okay I noticed you started crying at the mention of this topic, at the opening of this segment. So I hope you're okay.
The fact is we're all going to be okay and we're all -- we're all fine and the fact that a few celebrities sell their $90 million mansion and move to another country is not going to move us in any way. After them having gotten so much from this country, they're done with it, wow, ingrate.
You know, those of us that are stuck in places like California would love to leave, but we can't all move so freely because we don't have those sorts of economic advantages. The reality is most of these guys were already -- already had ownership of places throughout the world. They were sort of citizens of the world and now they're going to make a great grandstand and in doing so -- this is the main thing, Sean, this is the question you're asking me.
There is a hysteria at the core of this behavior that started all probably maybe before Trump derangement, certainly got on steroids during COVID and is continuing to be with us. Ultimately, it's a hysteria with a basis in narcissism. It's all about me.
HANNITY: I still can't get over the 4b movement. You've tried to explain it to me, but I'm still having a hard time -- women that are cutting their hair and putting it on social media. Women that are pledging to never have sex with their husband, boyfriend, whatever, ever again. Women that are pledging to divorce their husbands if they voted for Donald Trump and stockpiling abortion pills that the Supreme Court codified its availability into law.
So I'm having a hard time understanding that group. How would you diagnose them?
PINSKY: Well, but as it pertains to the abortion pills, again, that is a hysteria, right? In the states that have restrictive access to abortion, 100 percent of them provide for abortion when the mother's life is in danger, 100 percent.
Yet what these same individuals are doing are whipping themselves into an emotional state that is disconnected from reality and delusional and delusion has been alive and well in this country. You know, I was -- this is kind of an aside, but I was reading a biography of a diplomat in Berlin in the early 1930s, and he used the word hysteria to describe what was happening in Germany.
And I thought, my goodness, in every each of these movements, whether it's the Jacobins or the Nazis or now what we did with Trump derangement and with COVID, hysteria captures us, the mass formation does capture at least 20 percent of the population and sweeps them into a frenzy that they can't get themselves out of. Now as it pertains to the celebrities we were talking about earlier, again, the message needs to be, you're disconnected, you're not the cool kids anymore.
The reality is this is old timey material to think that I -- this is what you laughed at last time I was up here, Sean, that I as a celebrity of some magic wand I can swing at you and you're going to do what I tell you.
This wand doesn't work any longer. We moved on to other things. We are persuaded by other people, and the celebrity itself really does not have the same power than it used to and they're having trouble dealing with that and that they're the elite. They're not the rest of us. They can't seem to get that through their head.
HANNITY: Yeah, you know, look, this is not my first rodeo. I've been doing this now I'm in my 29th year, longer on radio, and there have been many elections I've been very invested in, wanted to win, didn't win, I show up at work the next day and I fight for the things that I believe in, and fight for the next election.
PINSKY: That's right.
HANNITY: How come -- I'm just -- I'm just more -- well, I'm well-adjusted. I think they can learn from me.
Anyway, the Internet -- they're having a hard time understanding this new ad from the luxury car brand Jaguar that mentions nothing about cars. The company says it's all part of a big brand refresh, but take a look at it decide whether this is now a brand you would like to buy from. You decide. Take a look.
(VIDEO CLIP PLAYS)
HANNITY: Dr. Drew, can you tell me what the hell that's all about? The company is calling this, quote, a bold, imaginative, reinvention. That is a quote. Only the first step in this new exciting era, and they say all of the discussion about this brand refresh was to be expected.
I don't believe a word of that. Thoughts?
PINSKY: Well, yeah, Bud Light 2.0 here. The reality is it's beautiful. I thought it was a -- I thought it was a photography ad. I could -- even when I saw the name of the vehicle, I thought to myself, that must be some new program, it must be some new Photoshop thing I could put an app, I could put on my phone or something.
There is nothing about that that helps them sell vehicles, and I don't know if you saw, but Bud Light has put Shane Gillis in a commercial now where he is in a woke ad and he's still he's going what am I doing here? Oh, you were supposed to be in the Bud Light ad, cut to the bar where a bunch of guys are pounding Bud Light.
So Bud Lights seem gotten the message. Jaguar is lagging. Beautiful job, lot of money spent, not going to sell any cars.
HANNITY: It's not going to sell a single car. I mean, I --
PINSKY: No.
HANNITY: Some people have gone -- the people have gone mad. There's got to be a new medicine you develop that will help them. I'm going to put that in your able hands.
Dr. Drew --
PINSKY: I'm calling it rational revolution, rational revolution, Sean. Return to rationality. It's common sense rationality. It's all we got to do. It's very simple.
HANNITY: All right. That is your mission for the next four years.
When we come back, my buddy Stephen A. Smith not happy with the NFL after the league addressed players doing the Trump dance celebrations and a banana tape to a wall sells for over $6 million at an auction? You can't make it up. Comedian Jim Breuer straight ahead.
(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
HANNITY: All right. Earlier this week, the NFL confirmed it had no problem with players doing the Trump dance. It's pretty funny actually, as a celebration.
But the fact that they needed to even address this, it didn't sit well with my friend Stephen A. Smith. Here's what he said.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
STEPHEN A. SMITH, ESPN HOST: Here's why I'm pissed off that the NFL had to even issue a statement about it because celebrations usually don't warrant that. It doesn't require a response from the league. So why was it necessary this time? You know why? Because we got a bunch of people still living with their heads in the cloud acting like they get to protest every little damn thing.
And why am I ticked off? Because it was emblematic of the climate that we've been living in for years now, which is why I believe Donald Trump was really elected. Yeah, it was inflation, that was an issue. The economy, that was an issue. The border, that was an issue.
But woke culture, cancel culture, oh, hell, yes, that played a role.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
HANNITY: Go, Stephen A., good for you.
The liberals at "USA Today," they still felt the need to weigh in. They had an op-ed saying athletes will come to regret the Trump Dance celebration.
Here with reaction, comedian Jim Breuer, by the way, he will be -- one of the comedians performing on December the 12th when our buddy Jimmy Failla will host his night of comedy on FOX Nation. You can get tickets. They're at foxnation.com/nightofcomedy.
Jim, great to see you. How are you?
JIM BREUER, COMEDIAN: I'm doing good, Sean. This is -- I mean, this is a living sitcom every day, I don't have to write. Nobody has to write.
All you got to do is watch the last three, four years, I'm baffled that "SNL" lost the mark every week. This is -- I never stopped. I went at it from day one because you can't -- you can't even write this comedy.
You can't write people going, I need my safety space. I need my -- I need a -- I need a dog. I need something because, oh, my goodness, this is the -- the election, I'm so tormented.
You can't -- you can't write this kind of comedy. Hollywood can't pay you enough to create the script that we're watching right now. It's kind of entertaining.
HANNITY: It's sort of like, oh, the vapors, oh, I'm going to faint. Joe and Mika, fascist, Nazi, racist, threat to democracy. Can I have breakfast with you? I mean, can you explain that one? Explain -- how do you explain that?
BREUER: That -- what -- I can't -- I can't. I have -- I have friends go, you don't understand, they're going to -- like do you think they're knocking on a door and coming for every female in the house and saying now, we own your body?
I mean, you think -- you know, I didn't see Trump walking into his rallies with German shepherds going, everybody, line up, we're about to start going through the individuals. I've never seen such madness in my lifetime. But I have to say -- it all plays into the comedy hands. It's nutso.
HANNITY: Then just follow Dr. Drew's advice, you know, don't stockpile. What?
BREUER: Think of this, Sean, they're complaining, people going, oh, we don't like the ball players doing this. What would they rather do? Do the Biden -- just walk in the nowhere zone, you know, for three, four year? Is that -- is that more approved? Falling down, is that more approved?
I -- this is -- this is going -- we're going to have a good show. I know Adam Carolla is going to be on the show, couple other guys my hometown in Long Island, I'm going to beat the snot out of that place. This is going to be a good special for Fox.
HANNITY: All right. Switching gears, you can't make up the -- this -- the definition of what constitute -- constitutes art has seemingly taken a very weird turn. A banana taped to a wall fetched over $6 million at auction. Help me out with that. Please explain that one to me.
BREUER: That is someone that's never worked for their money and someone that was given -- there's no -- you can't tell me anyone that threw that much money at a banana with a tape on it. That -- yeah, this -- whoever it was, they didn't grow up blue collar making money and made it. This is like third tier generational money. They got nothing to do.
I bet this person don't even wear shoes. There's no way this person has clothes, shoes. This is -- this -- that's -- and that person voted, think about that. Whoever bought that banana, voted.
HANNITY: What do you think about the women shaving their heads, not having sex with their husbands, divorcing their husbands, stockpiling abortion pills?
BREUER: I'll tell -- I got to be dead honest with you. At least they're telling you who they are because most likely, unfortunately, they weren't getting a lot of action up to this point, anyway.
HANNITY: Oh, boy, here we go.
BREUER: So at least -- at least they're putting it out there. Hey, we're - - we're all -- all pets are off. There's no -- there's no -- that's a mental case, I'm sorry. That's a -- they should be getting prescriptions at CVS for something. I mean, I mean, they -- they missed the boat.
HANNITY: I don't get it. The world's gone half mad. Thank God the other half is sane and thank God more of them showed up at the ballot box.
Anyway, great to see you, my friend. We'll be watching "The Night of Comedy" on FOX Nation.
When we come back, more "Hannity", straight ahead.
(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
HANNITY: All right. A quick reminder, I will be emceeing, I'm really excited about this, FOX Nation Sixth Annual Patriot Awards. Now, the award show will be Thursday, December the 5th. It will be streaming live on FOX Nation and 8:00 Eastern in Brockville, New York. Please come if you are on Long Island or New York City. Tickets are on sale. Just go to foxnation.com/patriotawards.
All right. That's all the time we have left this evening. Thank you for making that show possible as always. Please set your DVR so you never, ever, ever missed an episode of Hannity. Now, for news any time, every time, all the time, set -- just set your computer to foxnews.com, hannity.com. It's that simple.
In the meantime, let not your heart be troubled. Why? Greg Gutfeld will put a smile on your face. Have a great night.
Classification


Language: ENGLISH

Document-Type: BREAKING NEWS

Publication-Type: Transcript

Transcript: 112101cb.253

Subject: ATTORNEYS GENERAL (90%); GOVERNMENT BODIES & OFFICES (90%); LAWYERS (90%); NEGATIVE NEWS (90%); LAW ENFORCEMENT (89%); POLITICAL PARTIES (89%); US REPUBLICAN PARTY (89%); PUBLIC PROSECUTORS (78%); US DEMOCRATIC PARTY (78%); SPECIAL INVESTIGATIVE FORCES (75%); JUSTICE DEPARTMENTS (73%); CONTROLLED SUBSTANCES CRIME (71%); DRUG TRAFFICKING (55%); Donald Trump (%); Pam Bondi (%); Government (%); Justice (%); Policies (%); Politics (%)

Company:  FOX ENTERTAINMENT GROUP INC (93%)

Industry: NAICS516120 TELEVISION BROADCASTING STATIONS (93%); SIC4833 TELEVISION BROADCASTING STATIONS (93%); ATTORNEYS GENERAL (90%); LAWYERS (90%); PUBLIC PROSECUTORS (78%)

Person: DONALD TRUMP (93%); MATT GAETZ (93%); SEAN HANNITY (79%); BOB CASEY (58%)

Geographic: FLORIDA, USA (94%); UNITED STATES (79%)

Load-Date: November 22, 2024


End of Document
