



CE Noticias Financieras English
March 9, 2024 Saturday


Copyright 2024 Content Engine, LLC.
All Rights Reserved
Copyright 2024 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights Reserved
Length: 303 words
Body


SOUTH KOREA - The radical feminist 4B movement in South Korea has gained momentum, emerging in response to deep-seated inequalities in South Korean society, and has coalesced around four key areas: Body, Birth, Bed and Bread.
This movement has gained momentum in recent years, especially thanks to the influence of Korean author Cho Nam-Joo's 1982-born novel Kim Jiyoung, which was inspired by the 2017 "Escape The Corset" campaign. With its radical approach, the 4B movement challenges established social conventions, advocating the rejection of heterosexual marriage, motherhood, dating men and heterosexual sex.
Some consider it an ideological and lifestyle movement, in opposition to the standards of femininity and beauty imposed in South Korea. Those who adhere to 4B have chosen to live in cooperative communities and participate in women-only activities as a way of expressing their resistance.
You may be interested in: 8M: How Women's Day is experienced around the world
The pillars of the 4B movement address a wide range of challenges facing women in South Korea. From challenging unrealistic beauty standards to advocating for sexual autonomy and reproductive rights, the movement seeks to promote gender equality in all walks of life.
Through demonstrations, awareness campaigns and legal action, 4B activists have succeeded in generating significant public debate and pressuring political leaders and society at large to address the systemic inequalities faced by women in the country.
  @liryonni 
A #Korean company pays not to marry you #bihon.
 ? ???? ??? - Liry Onni ????   4B is considered a radical movement because it is based on four principles:
No to heterosexual marriage (Bihon)
No to childbirth (Bichulsa)
No to dating men (Biyeonae)
No to heterosexual sex (Biseksu).
With information from Excélsior.
Classification


Language: ENGLISH

Publication-Type: Newspaper

Journal Code: CENFENG

Subject: FEMINISM & WOMEN'S RIGHTS (92%); WOMEN (90%); COURTSHIP & DATING (89%); GENDER EQUALITY (78%); SOCIETY, SOCIAL ASSISTANCE & LIFESTYLE (78%); PREGNANCY & CHILDBIRTH (72%); REPRODUCTIVE RIGHTS (71%); WRITERS (71%)

Industry: WRITERS (71%)

Geographic: SOUTH KOREA (93%)

Load-Date: March 10, 2024


End of Document
