



Newsweek.com
November 21, 2024 Thursday 4:00 AM EST


Copyright © 2024 Newsweek Inc. All Rights Reserved


Length: 1180 words
Byline: Jordan King
Highlight: From viral videos, to penned essays, a number of women have said they don't want to spend the holidays with Trump-supporting family.
Body


Multiple women have said they are boycotting Thanksgiving with their families in the aftermath of 's election victory.
Trump won his second term in the White House by securing the popular vote, but the majority of women voted for his Democratic opponent . 53 percent of women voted for Harris compared to 45 percent for Trump, according to a  exit poll (lower than the 57 percent of women who voted for Biden in 2020).
The country is divided between those who are celebrating and those who are commiserating, with some women in the latter group speaking publicly about their concerns over what will happen to abortions rights and women's health under Trump.
, with mentions of the phrase "your body, my choice" increasing by 5,150 percent from November 5 to November 9. In response to the election results, a number of women have joined the 4B movement, are  and are .
Boycotting Thanksgiving with family members who voted for Trump is another way some women are protesting the election results, with many posting about it online.
Newsweek has contacted Trump's team via email for comment.
"I don't want to feel ostracized."
In one viral TikTok video, Anna Gantt, a 26-year-old mother, told how she and her fiancé had decided not to spend Thanksgiving with her family members who voted for Trump.
She said: "This is already the most sad holiday season I think I will ever experience - solely for the fact that I have made the decision for myself and my fiance and our child to skip out family holidays with my family that voted for Trump."
"And it's not the fact that they are , it's the fact that they voted for Donald Trump knowing who he is and what he is capable of," she added, "and I'm mourning the fact that my family is educated white people and they still voted for him - and they still voted for him."
She went on: "This to me proves that Trump and his MAGA cult are truly brainwashed and it's sad not knowing if I'll ever get my family back.
"I wanna go and I wanna have a good conversation but I don't want to feel ostracized because I'm the only person in that room that voted for Kamala Harris," Gantt said.
"So if you are taking a raincheck and avoiding family dinners or holiday celebrations this year because of the election and the results, you're not alone," she added.
It comes after Yale University chief psychiatry resident Dr. Amanda Calhoun told 's Joy Reid: "So, if you are going into a situation where you have family members, where you have close friends who you know have voted in ways that are against you... it's completely fine to not be around those people and to tell them why."
"You know, to say, 'I have a problem with the way that you voted because it went against my very livelihood, and I'm not going to be around you this holiday. I need to take some space for me.'"
"I cannot bite my tongue."
Last week, essayist  wrote a piece for the Huffington Post about her struggling to grapple with her husband and his family voting for Trump.
After seeing her husband's  post "God Bless America. God bless #45, 47," she sent him a text message saying: "I love you, but out of respect for me and all my liberal writer friends, can you please take down that post? Also, tell your family I love them, but I will not be coming for Thanksgiving, and I won't be hosting Christmas. I need space."
She later told him again: "I am sorry about the holidays, but I cannot bite my tongue like I did with Hillary. I don't want to disrespect your parents or your brother and his family in their home, or our home, so it's best this way. No scenes. You can go see them. Seriously — I will not be in a room of 15 people who voted for Trump."
Tate went on to write that she would not "hold hands in a circle with people who voted for a party that wants to take rights away from LGBTQ people," or "sit by a Christmas tree celebrating the birth of Jesus and sipping eggnog when I know how many people may now find themselves in grave — even deadly — danger because they cannot get the reproductive care they need."
"I'm cutting them out of my life completely."
There are also several threads on  about women boycotting Thanksgiving including one user (LittleDaphne), who : "I'm not going to work my ass off for all the men in my family while they expect all the women to cook and clean for Thanksgiving. I know for a fact that most of the men in my family voted for Trump - so f*** them! I'm cutting them out of my life completely."
In one TikTok video, a woman called Stephanie Matto told how she was uninviting her brother and his fiance from holiday activities because they voted for Trump and then "rubbed his victory in (their) mom's face."
"Now I understand we all have different opinions and political views, but you do not go to the home of a woman who financially supports you and rub it in her face," she said.
Matto later added: "I'm not saying that you need to cut out every single person in your life that doesn't agree with you politically, but if after this election someone is literally taunting you, laughing at your face and disrespecting you - regardless of what political party they're part of - that person doesn't need to be in your life."
The wave of comments from some women come as 65 percent of Americans say election-related stress is impacting their holiday plans, and nearly a quarter (23 percent) are considering skipping Thanksgiving altogether because of it, according to a new survey from Spruce.
Speaking to 2,000 people across all 50 US states, the survey found that the majority of people (52 percent) cited Trump-supporting family members as the source of their anxiety around Thanksgiving. 48 percent said Harris-supporting family members were the source of their Thanksgiving stress.
Rise of the 4B movement
The discussion around skipping Thanksgiving with Trump-supporting family comes as thousands of people on  and X, formerly known as , have been posting about participating in the , a feminist protest movement that originated in  in 2019.
 no sex with men, no giving birth, no dating men and no marriage with men. The words for the terms in Korean all begin with the prefix "bi" which means "no," as reported by Bustle.
Sex strikes are a form of protest more widespread than the 4B movement, have taken place in countries around the world including , , , , the ,  and .
They also have an ancient pedigree, Aristophanes' comedy Lysistrata famously telling how Athenian women conspired to deny their men sex in order to end the Peloponnesian War.
Trump, has been frequently criticized for remarks he has made about women. He has been accused multiple times of sexual misconduct, allegations he denies. Trump was found liable in 2023 for sexually abusing E. Jean Caroll in 1996, allegations which Trump has also denied.


Graphic

 
Women Are Boycotting Thanksgiving With Family
Photo Illustration by Newsweek/Getty Images
Women Are Boycotting Thanksgiving With Family Over Trump’s Election Win
Classification


Language: ENGLISH

Publication-Type: Web Publication

Subject: WOMEN (91%); BOYCOTTS (90%); CAMPAIGNS & ELECTIONS (90%); FAMILY (90%); HOLIDAYS & OBSERVANCES (90%); NEGATIVE MISC NEWS (90%); PHOTO & VIDEO SHARING (90%); POPULAR VOTE (90%); THANKSGIVING (90%); VIRAL VIDEOS (90%); MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN MOVEMENT (78%); POLITICAL PARTIES (78%); WOMEN'S HEALTH (78%); US REPUBLICAN PARTY (77%); INTERNET SOCIAL NETWORKING (74%); MISOGYNY (73%); SHORT FORM VIDEOS (73%); POLLS & SURVEYS (72%); CYBERHARASSMENT (69%); COLLEGES & UNIVERSITIES (60%); PSYCHIATRY (60%); News (%)

Industry: PHOTO & VIDEO SHARING (90%); VIRAL VIDEOS (90%); FAMILY TRAVEL (78%); INTERNET VIDEO (78%); INTERNET SOCIAL NETWORKING (74%); SHORT FORM VIDEOS (73%); COLLEGES & UNIVERSITIES (60%); PSYCHIATRY (60%)

Person: KAMALA HARRIS (92%); DONALD TRUMP (89%)

Load-Date: November 21, 2024


End of Document
