



CE Noticias Financieras English
March 28, 2024 Thursday


Copyright 2024 Content Engine, LLC.
All Rights Reserved
Copyright 2024 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights Reserved
Length: 700 words
Body


No dating, no sex, no marriage, no children. Women in South Korea believe that misogyny is so embedded in social, political and economic structures that the only way for an egalitarian society to exist is to eradicate it. Rather than have any ties with males, they would rather extinguish themselves.
This is what the women who are part of the "4B" feminist movement in South Korea believe and preach. Their name comes from the South Korean words "bihon", "bichulsa", "biyeonae" and "biseksu", their translations reflecting the four fundamental areas in which they operate, which are sexuality, relationships, marriage and reproduction.
In a context where violence and discrimination have historically oppressed women and violated their rights, this movement has been growing stronger since 1980. It is estimated that there are currently 50,000 women following the principles of this movement.
The main rules of the movement are:
No dating or affectionate liaisons with men (biyeonae).
No sexual relations with men (biseksu)
No to heterosexual marriage (bihon)
No to having children (bichulsa).
By following these principles, women feel that they disrupt structures of misogyny and, at the same time, succeed in building safer lives among women only.
How do women live in South Korea?
Although there is not much data on gendered violence and discrimination, estimates from international organizations show that in all areas of life (social, economic and political) there are deep gender gaps.
For example, South Korea has the widest income gap between men and women in the OECD (Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Growth) countries: women earn, on average, 37% less than their male counterparts.
On the other hand, in management and executive positions, women represent only 2% of the workforce. To get an idea of this problem, it is worth noting that in similar economies, the representation of women is as high as 20%.
At work, 8 out of 10 women have been victims of harassment; women do not consider their workplaces to be safe spaces.
Another of the clearest expressions of violence in this country is the oppression of women due to unattainable standards of beauty, as well as the normalization of surgical interventions and even unhealthy diets that women follow in order not to feel judged.
Domestic and family violence is another of the complaints made by South Korean women.
In this country, more and more women have given up on public intervention or private action. They themselves want to revolutionize things.
Many more women would be joining 4B
South Korea has one of the lowest birth rates in the world, only 0.72 children are born for every woman. For size: Mexico's is 1.90 children per woman, according to World Bank figures.
This rate is in line with the absolute total number of births per year, and in recent years, the downward trend has deepened.
Women and those with childbearing capacity are choosing to shun the path of motherhood; it is estimated that 6 out of 10 women who are active in the labor market reject motherhood.
Overall, this reflects that even without knowing it and without knowing the principles of the feminist 4B movement, there are many women in South Korea who are prioritizing their studies, careers or jobs, and defying the prejudices and expectations that society places on them.
On the other hand, women who explicitly adhere to 4B are inclined to live in cooperative and collectively organized communities from concinecia. Also, from this place, they participate in women-only activities as a means of resistance.
The 4B feminist movement in South Korea is playing a crucial role in the struggle for gender equality and social justice in all spheres of life and has captured worldwide attention because of the strength of its principles and the conviction of those who champion it.
As it gains momentum and support, it is expected to have a positive impact on the transformation of South Korean society toward equality and justice. Changes are expected not only from the creation and modification of public policies, but from the reflection and deconstruction of the people themselves.
Women in South Korea and the rest of the world are fighting for their rights.
Classification


Language: ENGLISH

Publication-Type: Newspaper

Journal Code: CENFENG

Subject: MISOGYNY (92%); COURTSHIP & DATING (90%); DISCRIMINATION (90%); FEMINISM & WOMEN'S RIGHTS (90%); MARRIAGE (90%); NEGATIVE SOCIETAL NEWS (90%); SOCIETY, SOCIAL ASSISTANCE & LIFESTYLE (90%); WOMEN (90%); BIRTHS & BIRTH RATES (89%); GENDER & SEX DISCRIMINATION (89%); NEGATIVE MISC NEWS (88%); ECONOMIC INEQUALITY (78%); ECONOMY & ECONOMIC INDICATORS (78%); FAMILY (78%); GENDER BASED VIOLENCE (78%); GENDER EQUALITY (78%); INCOME DISTRIBUTION (78%); INTERNATIONAL ECONOMIC ORGANIZATIONS (78%); LABOR FORCE (78%); POPULATION CHARACTERISTICS (78%); PREGNANCY & CHILDBIRTH (78%); DOMESTIC VIOLENCE (69%); SURGERY & TRANSPLANTATION (65%); ASSOCIATIONS & ORGANIZATIONS (64%); Internacionales (%)

Geographic: SOUTH KOREA (96%)

Load-Date: March 29, 2024


End of Document
