



Newstex Blogs 
Mediaite
November 12, 2024 Tuesday 3:35 PM EST


Delivered by Newstex LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Copyright 2024 Mediaite 
Length: 375 words
Byline: Zachary Leeman
Body


November 12th, 2024 (   - Delivered by   )
Fox News' Brian Kilmeade threw out a stinging jab after watching reactions on TikTok from people who were furious with President-elect Donald Trump's victory.
During Tuesday's  
'My heart goes out to them,' Kilmeade said, as co-host Ainsley Earhardt was cracking up.
One TikTok user going by @SAIRA-CSU2 promoted avoiding men altogether following Trump defeating Vice President Kamala Harris.
'We have the traditional 4B movement which is not going on dates, not sleeping with, not marrying, not having children with men,' she said.
'Wow, she's not going to be dating? What a shame,' Kilmeade said, his co-hosts breaking into laughter before the actual segment was even introduced.
The  
In the later segment, more TikTok users were shown promoting divorces and breakups over the election. One user said she threw her husband out of the house after he 'turned Republican.'
'With all of them out of the dating pool, that leaves more men for all those single girls,' Earhardt said.
'Highlighting this shows you that they've learned zero,' Lawrence Jones added. 'The pundits on TV, they're doing the same thing.'
'And ask yourself, when it comes to a relationship - would you like to hear from your husband himself that he switched parties or do you want to hear from somebody else? Which is worse?' Kilmeade asked.
'I don't think your husband should lie to you, I think he should tell you how he feels,' Earhardt said, then chalking up the whole thing to the frustration one feels when they marry into a family that has that 'one liberal' you must deal with on Thanksgiving.
'Can you imagine being confronted by your spouse going, 'I overheard you talking tax cuts. How dare you! In front of the children!'' Kilmeade said.
Watch above via  
 


Notes

The views expressed in any and all content distributed by Newstex and its re-distributors (collectively, the "Newstex Authoritative Content") are solely those of the respective author(s) and not necessarily the views of Newstex or its re-distributors. Stories from such authors are provided "AS IS," with no warranties, and confer no rights. The material and information provided in Newstex Authoritative Content are for general information only and should not, in any respect, be relied on as professional advice. Newstex Authoritative Content is not "read and approved" before it is posted. Accordingly, neither Newstex nor its re-distributors make any claims, promises or guarantees about the accuracy, completeness, or adequacy of the information contained therein or linked to from such content, nor do they take responsibility for any aspect of such content. The Newstex Authoritative Content shall be construed as author-based content and commentary. Accordingly, no warranties or other guarantees are offered as to the quality of the opinions, commentary or anything else appearing in such Newstex Authoritative Content. Newstex and its re-distributors expressly reserve the right to delete stories at its and their sole discretion.
Classification


Language: English

Publication-Type: Web Publication

Journal Code: 110714

Subject: COURTSHIP & DATING (90%); INTERNET SOCIAL NETWORKING (90%); BLOGS & MESSAGE BOARDS (78%); FEMINISM & WOMEN'S RIGHTS (78%); MARRIAGE (76%); THANKSGIVING (69%); Politics (%); TV (%); Brian Kilmeade (%); Donald Trump (%); Fox & Friends (%); Fox News (%); Kamala Harris (%); TikTok (%)

Company:  FOX ENTERTAINMENT GROUP INC (95%)

Industry: NAICS516120 TELEVISION BROADCASTING STATIONS (95%); SIC4833 TELEVISION BROADCASTING STATIONS (95%); INTERNET SOCIAL NETWORKING (90%); BLOGS & MESSAGE BOARDS (78%)

Person: DONALD TRUMP (92%); KAMALA HARRIS (92%)

Load-Date: November 12, 2024


End of Document
