



Newstex Blogs 
iOTWreport
November 12, 2024 Tuesday 10:00 PM EST


Delivered by Newstex LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Copyright 2024 iOTWreport 
Length: 133 words
Byline: Dr. Tar
Body


November 12th, 2024 (   - Delivered by   )
Washington Examiner
Some single  
'If we can't control what they do in terms of legislation and abortion rights, we have to do something for ourselves,' 25-year-old Jada Mevs told the  
Bearing's wife (I'm not giving her nom de geuerre since some will find it offensive) covers this insanity with a good laugh at the lunacy. Language Warning:  


Notes

The views expressed in any and all content distributed by Newstex and its re-distributors (collectively, the "Newstex Authoritative Content") are solely those of the respective author(s) and not necessarily the views of Newstex or its re-distributors. Stories from such authors are provided "AS IS," with no warranties, and confer no rights. The material and information provided in Newstex Authoritative Content are for general information only and should not, in any respect, be relied on as professional advice. Newstex Authoritative Content is not "read and approved" before it is posted. Accordingly, neither Newstex nor its re-distributors make any claims, promises or guarantees about the accuracy, completeness, or adequacy of the information contained therein or linked to from such content, nor do they take responsibility for any aspect of such content. The Newstex Authoritative Content shall be construed as author-based content and commentary. Accordingly, no warranties or other guarantees are offered as to the quality of the opinions, commentary or anything else appearing in such Newstex Authoritative Content. Newstex and its re-distributors expressly reserve the right to delete stories at its and their sole discretion.
Classification


Language: English

Publication-Type: Web Publication

Journal Code: 126632

Subject: REPRODUCTIVE RIGHTS (73%); SAFETY (73%); OBSTETRICS & GYNECOLOGY (71%); SAFETY, ACCIDENTS & DISASTERS (69%); ABORTION (56%); ABORTION RIGHTS (56%); Uncategorized (%); 4B Movement (%); loneliness epidemic (%); MGTOW (%); no sex with men (%); sexual separation movement (%)

Industry: OBSTETRICS & GYNECOLOGY (71%)

Person: DONALD TRUMP (73%)

Geographic: UNITED STATES (78%)

Load-Date: November 12, 2024


End of Document
