



Newstex Blogs 
Newsbusters.org
November 14, 2024 Thursday 3:15 PM EST


Delivered by Newstex LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Copyright 2024 Newsbusters.org 
Length: 710 words
Byline: Clay Waters
Body


November 14th, 2024 (   - Delivered by   )
The New York Times is chaperoning the post-election mental breakdown of the young feminist left, after a Trump win which that bitter cohort sees as an emerging real-life Handmaid's Tale. Gina Cherelus, who covers 'dating, relationships and sex' for the Times, wrote ' 
And what is '4B'? You'll be sorry you asked:
Following the results of Tuesday's election, Jada Mevs, a 25-year-old living in Washington, D.C., is encouraging women to take action by signing up for a self-defense class, deleting dating apps, getting on birth control and investing in a vibrator.
As a response to Donald J. Trump's election as president for a second time, and the failure ofthree referendums that would have protected abortion rightsin Florida, Nebraska and South Dakota, Ms. Mevs and others are calling on women to join 4B. It's a radical feminist movement that started in South Korea and encourages the rejection of heterosexual dating, marriage and sex, as well as childbirth.
(The phrase '4B'  
One cheer for Cherelus for writing 'radical feminist' - which also begs the question why the Times is promoting radical feminism as in an ostensible news story: "While it is too soon to know how popular such a stance could become in the United States, there are already women online who are adopting such ideas in a defiant display of self-protection."
Yet the Times  
Stripped of the manifesto trappings, the U.S. version of "4B" boils adown to the right to abort, with a dash of man-hating for bitter spice:
'If we can't control what they do in terms of legislation and abortion rights, we have to do something for ourselves,' Ms. Mevs said. 'Starting with cutting out the male influence in our life, and making sure we're taking the safety precautions as well, visiting OB-GYNs and making sure we are best prepared for when January comes and the years after that.'
Ms. Mevs,who posted a videoon TikTok explaining why she believes women should adopt this mind-set, had already begun decentering men in her own life around two years ago as a way of turning her attention back onto herself. Now, she said, her reasons have expanded to protecting her safety and health.
Cherelus added her own hysteria that "[w]ith the overturning of Roe v. Wade andMr. Trump's oppositionto abortion, there's concern that his administrationcould enact a federal abortion ban. Couple that with the spread of online misogyny, known as the manosphere, and its subset of incel culture, among self-described involuntary celibates who disparage women, there's increased concern that women's rights will be further eroded.
Which makes it odd that so many women voted against their own rights last week!
Alexa Vargas, a 26-year-old lab technician living in Boston, has incorporated the ideas of the 4B movement into her lifestyle. She had already been abstaining from dating and sex for more than two years, and following the results of the U.S. election she decided to commit to the movement.
The reporter noted differences between the U.S. and Korean movements, specifically that the U.S. version was more about abortion, not a commitment to a lifestyle change.
But the paper of record also fed into male-fearing paranoia:
There are concerns that the 4B movement might entice violence among men who disagree with a woman's right to abstain from the four B's, a reason Ms. Mevs is looking into boxing classes. She emphasized that women have never been guaranteed safety following rejection.
'If women doing this affects the entire country, good, and that's the message,' she said. 'If you want this country to run effectively, maybe you need to give women back their rights. It is as simple as that.'
Of course, there were no dissenting voices, no suggestion that "4B" is incel-type disparagement of the opposite sex, only with the sexes reversed and the celibacy voluntary.


Notes

The views expressed in any and all content distributed by Newstex and its re-distributors (collectively, the "Newstex Authoritative Content") are solely those of the respective author(s) and not necessarily the views of Newstex or its re-distributors. Stories from such authors are provided "AS IS," with no warranties, and confer no rights. The material and information provided in Newstex Authoritative Content are for general information only and should not, in any respect, be relied on as professional advice. Newstex Authoritative Content is not "read and approved" before it is posted. Accordingly, neither Newstex nor its re-distributors make any claims, promises or guarantees about the accuracy, completeness, or adequacy of the information contained therein or linked to from such content, nor do they take responsibility for any aspect of such content. The Newstex Authoritative Content shall be construed as author-based content and commentary. Accordingly, no warranties or other guarantees are offered as to the quality of the opinions, commentary or anything else appearing in such Newstex Authoritative Content. Newstex and its re-distributors expressly reserve the right to delete stories at its and their sole discretion.
Classification


Language: English

Publication-Type: Web Publication

Journal Code: 107778

Subject: FEMINISM & WOMEN'S RIGHTS (92%); COURTSHIP & DATING (90%); BLOGS & MESSAGE BOARDS (89%); SAFETY (88%); INTERNET SOCIAL NETWORKING (78%); PHOTO & VIDEO SHARING (78%); PREGNANCY & CHILDBIRTH (78%); CAMPAIGNS & ELECTIONS (73%); REFERENDUMS (73%); REPRODUCTIVE RIGHTS (73%); ABORTION (72%); ABORTION REGULATION & POLICY (72%); ABORTION RIGHTS (72%); OBSTETRICS & GYNECOLOGY (68%); ABORTION LAWS (67%); MARRIAGE (66%); SAFETY, ACCIDENTS & DISASTERS (66%)

Industry: BLOGS & MESSAGE BOARDS (89%); INTERNET SOCIAL NETWORKING (78%); PHOTO & VIDEO SHARING (78%); ABORTION REGULATION & POLICY (72%); OBSTETRICS & GYNECOLOGY (68%); ABORTION LAWS (67%)

Person: DONALD TRUMP (79%)

Geographic: WASHINGTON DC, USA (79%); UNITED STATES (93%); SOUTH KOREA (79%)

Load-Date: November 14, 2024


End of Document
