



HUGIN AS
March 6, 2009 Friday 2:02 AM EST


Copyright 2009 Comtex News Network, Inc.
All Rights Reserved
Copyright 2009 HUGIN AS. All rights reserved.


This content is provided to LexisNexis by Comtex News Network, Inc.
Length: 19026 words
Body


Novae Group plc Preliminary results for the year ended 31 December 2008 Highlights
Novae Group plc ("Novae" or "the Group"), the specialist insurance business, today announces its 2008 preliminary results. Highlights:
* Profit before tax: GBP40.2 million, close to the record profit before tax of GBP41.0 million reported in 2007
* Net tangible assets per share: 410.8p, up 12% (2007: 366.7p)
* Net tangible assets per share including off balance sheet deferred tax asset: 434.7p, up 10% (2007: 394.6p)
* Total dividends paid and proposed: 10.0p, up 33% (2007: 7.5p)
* Additional special dividend per share: 4.0p (2007: nil)
* Investment income: GBP50.0 million (2007: GBP46.8 million), representing a yield on average invested assets of 5.1% (2007: 5.2%)
* Estimated loss from Hurricanes Gustav and Ike net of reinsurance and reinstatement premiums reduced from $45 million to under $40 million, reflecting a strong underwriting and reserving stance
* Improving rating environment expected in 2009 and beyond
Matthew Fosh, Chief Executive, today said:
"Novae has had a successful 2008 with profit before tax close to the record result reported in 2007 in spite of the much more difficult underwriting and investment environment. The Group's net loss from Hurricanes Gustav and Ike has reduced and we have made an exceptional investment return. Rates are set to harden across many areas of the market in response to capital erosion and a series of high profile losses and we relish the opportunities that the next few years will present."
There will be a presentation to analysts at 9.30 a.m. today on the 9th floor, 1 Ropemaker Street, EC2Y 9HT.
For further information:
Matthew Fosh Novae Group plc 020 7903 7300 Nick Miles M:Communications 020 7153 1535
CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT
In my first statement as Chairman of Novae, I am delighted to report a sparkling set of results. Against the backdrop of poor results from many underwriting businesses and some catastrophic results from the rest of the financial sector, Novae steered a steady course between the Scylla and Charybdis of a low point in the underwriting cycle and the Sirens of finance houses offering seemingly attractive "innovative" investment products. Matthew Fosh will address the detail in his report. I will focus here on the background and the path Novae is following.
2008 will be seen as a watershed in the development of your company. The long period of rehabilitation has been substantially completed. The decision to raise long term debt capital in 2007 proved propitiously timed. Our decision to pursue a conservative investment policy was fully vindicated in 2008. Our investment committee did well to block their ears to the enticements of the financial product salesmen. At a time when availability of capital is a key issue, Novae finds itself in a strong position.
We remain highly protective of our capital. In 2008 we were cautious in what we would underwrite. We made some tough decisions either to reduce our line size or exit certain types of business where we believed that either rates had gone down too far or the economic climate would result in an increase in claims beyond the outcome predicated in current rating. This has been difficult for our underwriters who have had to balance underwriting policy against client and broker relationships built up over many years. They have done well to juggle these sometimes conflicting demands to protect both the short term and the long term interests of your company.
There is much talk of the insurance market cycle. This makes it no easier to predict the pattern for the next year or so. The reduction in capital from the combined effect of catastrophic loss in 2008 and the investment impairments suffered by many insurers should mean that rates will rise across the board. But to date this appears to have manifested itself only in certain catastrophe classes, such as Gulf of Mexico energy and US property, largely in response to the damaging hurricanes Gustav and Ike in 2008. As for many other classes, in particular a number of liability classes, the firmer trend in rates is yet clearly to emerge. When it does emerge, as it must do, we expect to see a balancing effect on the gross written premium line from reduced sums insured and reduced turnover as a result of the recession. This will disguise the beneficial impact of a higher rate on line.
I mentioned earlier in this statement that 2008 will be seen as a watershed for us. Our balance sheet is in good shape. We have a strong underwriting and management team on which we continue to build. We are in a good position to look at corporate transactions which will add value to the firm foundation that we have built.
At the AGM on 16 May 2008, Paul Selway-Swift stepped down from the Board and as Chairman. Paul joined the Board as Chairman in 1998. He guided your company through stormy weather and we have benefited much from his wise guidance. In July 2008 we were delighted to welcome Laurie Adams as a non-executive director. He brings a wealth of experience from his legal and banking background which has already begun to benefit Novae.
2008 has been my first full year on the Board of Novae. I have been impressed from the outset by the professionalism and the dedication of both the management and underwriting teams. They deserve our thanks for the result in 2008 and we can expect much more in the years to come.
J P Hastings-Bass Chairman 6 March 2009
CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S STATEMENT
Financial performance
Profit before tax in 2008 was GBP40.2 million, close to the record GBP41.0 million in respect of 2007 (in both cases after foreign exchange gains). Trading conditions were more challenging in 2008, with a softer rating environment, volatile investment markets and a series of significant loss events. The Group has delivered a very robust level of profits under these more difficult operating conditions.
Earnings per share were 51.7p up 14% (2007: 45.3p). Net assets per share as at 31 December 2008 were up 12% at 420.0p (2007: 375.7p). Including Novae's off balance sheet deferred tax asset, net assets per share were up 10% at 443.9p (2007: 403.7p). Net tangible assets per share were up 12% at 410.8p (2007: 366.7p). This compares with 300.0p per share (adjusted for the share consolidation) at which the 2006 rights issue was priced.
Given the Group's strong capital position, the Board has declared an additional special dividend of 4.0p per share. This represents the gain arising from the repurchase for cancellation of an element of Novae's 2017 subordinated notes in December 2008. With the interim dividend of 2.5p and final recommended dividend of 7.5p, total dividends paid and recommended to be paid per share are 14.0p in respect of 2008 (2007: 7.5p).
Operational review
The Group made considerable operational progress in 2008. New bloodstock and fleet motor units were formed, generating income for the Lloyd's business and NICL. Most existing units in the Lloyd's business continued to reduce premium income as rates softened for the first nine months of the year. Following Hurricanes Gustav and Ike and combined with widespread dislocation in the capital markets in the autumn the pace of rate reductions slowed, although evidence of rate recovery before the year end remained patchy. NICL also chose to cut back income, withdrawing from UK solicitors and other professional indemnity classes where pricing remained unattractive in the light of more difficult economic conditions and the domestic housing market in particular. This has inevitably slowed the rate at which it has been able to deploy capital. The Group is committed to writing profitable business and protecting its capital rather than meeting short term income targets.
Business infrastructure
Novae has made a major investment in people and systems, with a single unified claims and outwards reinsurance team working across both the Lloyd's business and NICL. Increasing use of technology, from electronic claims files to file monitoring systems and workflow management, has transformed the claims function in the past four years.
Novae has also made a major investment in operations. This has enabled the Group to lower processing costs as well as exceed Lloyd's own targets in areas such as contract certainty. Business continuity and remote working projects were rolled out in 2008, as well as workflow management. The Group's actuarial team has been reorganised to provide a greater focus on pricing, and the finance and reporting infrastructure has been further streamlined.
Ultimately, Novae's fortunes depend on its people. The Group is committed to a well-motivated, well-trained and incentivised workforce. The soft market increases the pressure on all of the Group's employees, but Novae is fortunate in having an exceptional and highly professional workforce.
Strategic objectives
The strategic objectives of the Group's continuing business remain to seek controlled diversification through:
* Product: Novae continues to diversify its underwriting with the addition during 2008 of bloodstock and fleet motor units. The Group currently expects to underwrite across 21 underwriting units in 2009, and remains committed to further diversification if new teams can generate an acceptable risk-adjusted return. Avoiding over-exposure to large individual risk pillars which can destabilise the Group is a critical strategic objective * Platform: Novae formed NICL, its wholly-owned FSA-regulated insurance company, in 2006. Platform diversification is important to avoid an over-dependence on Lloyd's. A growing number of underwriting units are now writing on both the Lloyd's platform and NICL * Route to market: commercial lines insurance continues to be an intermediated marketplace, and Novae is committed to working with brokers for the foreseeable future. Technology is enabling brokers and underwriters to reduce or eliminate low value-added tasks such as re-keying of data, in turn reducing costs for assureds. At the same time continuing consolidation in the broking industry makes it essential to avoid over-dependence on any one intermediary
Within this framework capital will only be deployed to support underwriting if it generates an expected return in excess of the Group's hurdle rate.
The scale of the Group's Discontinued Business Unit continues to diminish with the passage of time. Novae's objective is to manage the run-off of this business in the most effective and efficient way possible from the perspective of the Group's capital providers. This may be achieved through the settlement of individual claims, the commutation of inwards and outwards contracts or a transactional solution with a third party. In the meantime risk continues to ebb with 71% of the population of lead claims from 2002 and prior having been closed in the last three years.
Given the Group's strategic goals, Novae's financial and operational performance is likely to be guided by the following medium term objectives:
* The majority of the Group's business will continue to come from liability classes. Around two thirds of gross written premium is expected to be liability and one third from property classes * Novae will limit inwards reinsurance to aviation and property catastrophe business. Although the settlement period for individual loss events can be several years, such catastrophe events themselves are sufficiently material and high profile that their financial effects can be rapidly assessed * Exposure to peak losses will be moderated by outwards reinsurance. The Group expects to cede around a quarter of its premium income to reinsurers. As the business continues to diversify it will reduce its reinsurance spend to around 20% of inwards income * Around half the Group's premium income will be written in sterling, with some 40% in US dollars and the balance across a range of other currencies. The Group's business mix will therefore continue to have a lower US dollar component than many of its peers * Around 75% of inwards business will be written by the Lloyd's platform and the balance by NICL * Novae's risk appetite will continue to be strongly biased towards insurance risk. Its investment strategy is likely to remain centred on capital preservation and liquidity
Chaucer Holdings PLC
On 28 January 2009 the Group announced that it had made an approach to the Chairman of Chaucer Holdings PLC with a view to starting discussions regarding a possible all-share merger of the two companies. On 10 February 2009, Novae made a subsequent announcement confirming that it had entered into discussions with Chaucer and that due diligence had commenced.
One of the aims of the due diligence exercise is to confirm the expected material benefits that would arise from a combination of the two groups' complementary operations and underwriting expertise. It is anticipated that such benefits would accrue from a more efficient use of capital (including that element of capital which is currently surplus to Novae's short term stand-alone requirements), improved scale and liquidity and synergies in areas such as reinsurance buying and operating infrastructure. Discussions are continuing and a further announcement will be made in due course.
A merger with Chaucer could bring attractive scale and diversification benefits within the context of the Group's strategic objectives, but will only be pursued on terms which will be beneficial to Novae shareholders.
Outlook
Underwriting
Conditions in insurance markets have changed significantly over the course of 2008. In some areas where there has been increased claims activity, either as a consequence of US windstorms or the turmoil in financial markets, rate increases are now evident. In other areas the transition to a hard market has been more gradual as a generally flat rating environment has replaced the previous downwards trend.
During 2009 the incidence of rate increases and beneficial review of terms and conditions is expected to become more widespread. The gradual nature of this transition to a more favourable environment is in stark contrast to the more abrupt changes often associated with a turn in the insurance cycle. This reflects the causes of rate hardening, which may well result in the emerging hard market enduring for longer as a consequence.
The Group is currently anticipating that rates will increase across its account as a whole by some 5-10% in 2009, with considerable divergence between segments. Property and Aviation & Marine are expected to see more significant increases, with Specialty broadly in line with the whole and Liability flat after taking claims inflation into account.
Claims experience is likely to deteriorate in 2009. Claims on liability business have historically increased during periods of economic recession. Large individual property losses have become more frequent and peak losses from US windstorms or other natural disasters are inherently unpredictable.
Investments
Over the last six months sterling and dollar interest rates have been cut to unprecedented levels. There are growing concerns that a bubble may be developing in UK and US government bonds as de-leveraging and a flight to quality has pushed yields to extremely low levels. At the same time spreads on investment grade corporate bonds have widened to an unusual extent.
In this environment the Group has amended its investment guidelines to allow a greater weighting towards investment grade corporate bonds. This may involve greater volatility, but the Board believes that this approach represents a measured response to the changing investment environment while maintaining a generally cautious stance.
M K Fosh Chief Executive 6 March 2009
OPERATING REVIEW
Market environment
Market structure
During 2008 75 syndicates run by 46 managing agencies operated at Lloyd's. Lloyd's had an overall 2008 premium capacity of GBP15.9 billion. Novae's 2008 capacity of GBP360.0 million is therefore equivalent to a share of around 2.3% and ranks Novae fourteenth in terms of Lloyd's 2008 managed capacity. The Lloyd's market is extremely broad and there are a number of classes of business in which Novae does not operate. In many of those areas where Novae has chosen to operate its market share is 10% or more.
NICL's principal area of focus is UK medium and smaller premium liability business. The aggregate market premium currently generated in respect of these classes is estimated to be over GBP6.5 billion a year.
Rating and the competitive environment
Around two thirds of the Group's business is in liability classes and the balance in property lines. As a result Novae's business mix differs from that of most of its listed peer group companies, many of which are property-orientated.
Rates peaked in the liability classes in 2004. In contrast many property classes benefited from rate hardening following US windstorm losses in 2005. Many catastrophe-exposed property classes peaked in 2007.
The resilience of many property lines and the absence of significant losses in 2006 and 2007 attracted fresh capital into the industry. This in turn increased competitive pressure on pricing, terms and conditions across virtually all segments of the market. Profitability in many liability classes, which had not benefited from the post 2005 rate hardening, was close to break even by 2008, although reserve releases were flattering reported profitability.
In the Group's Lloyd's business, pricing of large international liability risks came under particular pressure in 2008. Claims inflation and looser terms and conditions eroded rate adequacy. The professional indemnity subscription market has attracted particular attention, but rating in other areas ranging from financial institutions to terrorism also eased. Much of the competition comes from local markets or from offshore centres such as Bermuda which have been able to attract capital and where barriers to entry are low.
In the UK regional market in which NICL operates pricing also came under sustained pressure. Many carriers operating in this market have large regional infrastructures whose overheads have to be met even if the business written is not profitable. There have been repeated instances during 2008 of competitors in the UK regional market cutting rates aggressively in order to protect market share.
These market conditions were further complicated by events in September and October, which saw significant losses from hurricane activity in the Gulf of Mexico and the USA, a deterioration in economic conditions, extreme stress in the financial markets and the widely-reported difficulties of a major competitor. Although there is growing evidence that these events are producing a hardening market in 2009, in the short term market dislocation and uncertainty presented some difficulties in assessing risk.
Over the course of 2008 the overall rate reduction across the entire book of business written was around 6%. On Specialty lines the reduction was around 7% and for each other segment some 5%.
Claims management
After several years of benign claims experience, activity levels picked up during 2008. Significant loss events included the British Airways 777 hull loss at Heathrow in January and the Spanair loss in Madrid in August. However, these losses were subsequently overshadowed by property and energy losses from Hurricanes Gustav and Ike in September.
As well as these event-driven claims there is also an increase in claims activity arising from the ongoing disruption in capital markets. Three distinct categories of loss event can be identified:
* Sub-prime and other directly related losses, primarily in the USA * Losses arising from the consequential dislocation in global capital markets * Losses in other areas, for example related to reducing values in the UK property market
Sub-prime losses have, as expected, turned into a major event. On an industry-wide basis over 400 claims or notifications of circumstance were estimated to be outstanding by December 2008. The great majority of these are focused in the US liability market. Novae withdrew from the US liability reinsurance market in 2002 and dramatically cut back its direct exposure in 2004. As a result the Group's exposure to US sub-prime and related claims has been low. As at 31 December 2008 three claims had been reserved and a further 10 notifications of possible claims had been received.
During the summer of 2008 the focus shifted to the consequential dislocation in the global capital markets. This led to both outright corporate collapses and rescue re-financings of major institutions. Although claims activity is likely to emerge following such events, to date it has been focused on mainly US institutions. As a large writer of financial institutions business some level of claims is inevitable, but so far there is no evidence of widespread or systemic loss affecting the Group.
Given the deteriorating economic outlook an increase in claims activity more generally is likely. Evidence of this started to emerge in the early summer, with an increase in claims from UK regional professional indemnity business, and in particular from solicitors and others involved in the UK residential property market. Such claims are likely to persist until economic conditions improve.
The number and value of reserves within the Discontinued Business Unit continues to fall. Four of the 19 major liability reinsurance contracts as well as a considerable number of smaller contracts have been commuted, and further commutation opportunities are being considered for 2009. Although the US court system has failed to make progress in resolving litigation surrounding the collapse of Enron, in the fourth quarter there was progress towards a negotiated settlement of the investment banking laddering losses.
Security rating
Given continuing turbulence throughout 2008, financial strength and rating have become critical factors for insurance buyers. In many cases published financial strength ratings are the starting point for more detailed counterparty assessment by assureds.
The Lloyd's market is mutualised through the Central Fund. As a result insurers operating at Lloyd's enjoy its overall financial strength rating. Lloyd's has ratings from three leading agencies: A+ (strong, stable outlook) from Standard & Poor's; A (excellent, stable outlook) from AM Best; and A+ (strong, stable outlook) from Fitch.
Novae is also rated separately and these are subject to periodic review by the agencies concerned. In August 2008 AM Best confirmed its A (excellent) financial strength rating of Syndicate 2007; its A- (excellent) financial strength rating of NICL; and its bbb issuer credit rating for Novae Group plc. Moody's financial strength rating of Syndicate 2007 remains A2. In March 2008 Standard & Poor's revised the outlook of its 2+ rating from stable to positive. In December 2008 Fitch released an issuer default rating of BBB for the Novae Group and an A- rating to NICL, both ratings having a stable outlook.
Regulatory environment
In September the FSA undertook a routine ARROW inspection of the Group. The Group remains committed to building and maintaining a strong relationship with its regulator. The FSA is routinely briefed on strategic and trading initiatives.
In September 2008 the FSA published Discussion Paper 08/4 titled "Insurance Risk Management: the path to Solvency II". Solvency II is a fundamental review of the capital adequacy regime for European insurers and reinsurers due to take effect in October 2012. Much of the FSA's current supervisory structure and capital regime, such as internally-modelled individual capital assessments based on explicit confidence levels, are similar to the principles underlying Solvency II. However, the detailed application of the Solvency II regime will impose additional requirements.
The key components of the Solvency II regime are as follows:
* Pillar 1: adequacy of financial resources * Pillar 2: governance * Pillar 3: reporting and disclosure
Work in 2009 will focus on further enhancing Novae's internal capital modelling and on using the outputs more intensively in decision-making in areas such as reinsurance buying and asset duration as well as in the core insurance business.
Lloyd's is a franchisor rather than regulator but it has quasi-regulatory powers. Novae participated in a number of ad hoc projects undertaken by Lloyd's during 2008. However, the most important area of inter-action remains Lloyd's own capital-setting process, which concludes in November.
Specialty
Specialty remains Novae's largest business segment, accounting for 45% of gross written premiums in 2008. It contains areas of historical market leadership, like financial institutions, and newer areas of business, of which the most recent is bloodstock. Over two thirds of the income is derived from liability classes transacted on a claims-made basis. The balance is derived mainly from shorter tail classes, although political risks business can involve an extended period of claims settlement.
Once again the largest single source of profit was financial institutions business, although its contribution was less than in 2007. Exposure to US sub-prime claims remains comparatively low but the wider issue of turmoil in financial markets has led the Group to take a cautious assessment of the ultimate profitability of more recent years.
The other source of substantial profit in the Specialty segment was medical malpractice business, which is largely written into NICL. While challenging market conditions have led to less income being written than planned, that business which has been transacted shows a very healthy level of profitability. Like financial institutions this is an area where Novae has a strong market position.
Professional indemnity is also an important component of claims-made liability business. It too has encountered very competitive market conditions, as a result of which premium has been cut back. Business transacted in the London market made an overall profit but the regional business transacted by NICL made a loss. This reflects the determination to face the harsh realities of this class in the current economic environment, epitomised by the decision to withdraw completely from primary solicitors business. Despite the adverse impact upon income this should help to contain the scale of credit crunch related claims on this account.
Terrorism is transacted in conjunction with political risks and credit, bringing scope for cross fertilisation and a combination of complementary classes. The UK trade credit business has coped extremely well with the challenges posed by a sharp deterioration in the general economic environment and some high profile corporate failures. Political risks continued its profitable record.
The blend between well-established areas of prominence and areas of more youthful involvement gives strength to Novae's overall presence in Specialty lines. This strength in diversity is expected to continue to be evident in the future performance of this segment.
Property
The Property segment accounted for 21% of gross premiums written in 2008, the same percentage as in 2007. It is split broadly equally between reinsurance and direct business. On direct property good progress has been made in recent years in building a geographically balanced account. The reinsurance account is dominated by US exposure, which reflects the global distribution of insured property values.
In the reinsurance unit the emphasis is on transacting catastrophe reinsurance and most business is therefore written on an excess of loss basis. The only exceptions to this arise where catastrophe exposure is written in a different way, for example Japan where some catastrophe protection has traditionally been written through pro rata treaties. Consequently the reinsurance account tends to derive significant claims activity only from headline catastrophe events. Claims activity on the direct accounts reflects both catastrophes and individual risk losses, including a sizeable element of attritional loss where the business is transacted through facilities.
In 2008 two major catastrophe events produced a considerable number of claims for Property business transacted by the Group. These were Hurricanes Gustav and Ike, which inflicted substantial loss on mainland USA. In November Novae announced its assessment that the likely overall impact of these events would be around $45 million net of reinsurance across all classes of business written. This assessment has subsequently reduced to under $40 million net, of which some $27 million net is derived from the Property segment, roughly three quarters of this coming from catastrophe reinsurance. There were no other events exerting a significant impact on the property reinsurance account but some lesser catastrophic events, including tornadoes, hailstorms and wild fires, affected direct property business in the USA.
In this context the property catastrophe reinsurance business still managed to make a net profit for the year, a very creditable performance under the circumstances. US direct property made a loss but Novae's experience compares favourably with many of its competitors.
Helped by a lower impact from flood losses in 2008, the UK property account recovered to a profit.
Liability
This segment accounted for 19% of 2008 gross premium income. This is close to the 20% ceiling set for occurrence-form liability business, which has a long tail and is potentially vulnerable to reserving shocks some time after risks are written. Recent growth has come from the establishment of two new units. One is an international casualty unit which has enabled Novae to write an increased amount of overseas business (outside the USA), principally in Australia and Canada. The other relates to fleet motor business, originally through participation in a Gibraltar-based business but more recently from the establishment of an in-house underwriting team.
Such business needs to be the subject of a cautious approach to setting claims reserves. The results of this are evident in the performance of the more mature marine and non-marine liability business. A cautious reserving approach applied to current year business produces a negative result but as experience becomes clearer over time that caution is expected to give rise to the release of reserves and the emergence of profit. In 2008 every underwriting year from 2003 to 2007 inclusive contributed meaningfully to the overall level of profit.
Much of the business transacted by both the non-marine and marine liability units involves SME risks. Historically in the non-marine market this has been written mainly through facilities provided by the Lloyd's business. More recently competitive market conditions have seen the significance of such facilities diminish while NICL has provided the opportunity to write such business directly. Over time NICL is likely to grow as Novae's platform of choice for such UK liability business. However, for overseas business the Lloyd's syndicate is likely to remain the more appropriate route to market, providing the opportunity to access specialist overseas coverholders and benefiting from the overseas licences which Lloyd's possesses.
In due course some SME business in the marine liability unit could also gravitate to NICL. The decision to buy out the remaining third party natural names provides increased flexibility in this respect. Nevertheless, there is a sizeable component of traditional marine business which will remain within the Lloyd's business. This includes risks related to the Protection & Indemnity clubs, which can involve small percentage participation on subscription market business, bringing potential exposure to high profile collision and pollution events.
All motor business is currently written by NICL. The Novae business model for underwriting motor fleet business involves outsourcing important functions like claims handling. This avoids the creation of a large infrastructure and maintains flexibility to expand and contract scale according to market conditions.
A continuation of the profitable development of a conservatively reserved Liability segment is again clear in 2008. Meanwhile diversification, both geographically and by type of business, is creating a better balanced unit capable of growing without bringing excessive risk concentration.
Aviation & Marine
Aviation & Marine remains the smallest reporting segment for Novae accounting for 15% of gross written premiums in 2008. Its scale was increased in 2006 by the formation of an energy unit and more recently by the expansion of the hull and war accounts. The segment is now more broadly based with the mix based on 2008 premiums being 37% aviation, 33% marine and 30% energy.
The aviation component is dominated by aviation reinsurance, which writes excess of loss protection for a wide range of direct aviation insurers. While aviation incidents can take several years to settle, they tend to arise from events that create headline news. A small space quota share treaty is also written.
The marine component comprises hull, war and cargo. The hull account written is the product of a highly selective approach, including a particular focus on super yachts. War business is confined to marine risks.
The energy unit is also focused on particular parts of the market. It is confined to upstream activities. Shorter tail property and control of well exposures predominate with a more limited involvement on liability business. The account is focused on production rather than exploration, while careful selection by type of assured is also key.
In 2008, despite some significant loss activity, the aviation component again contributed a profit, albeit lower than in 2007. After two good years, energy business produced a marginal net loss in 2008, reflecting the impact of Gulf of Mexico windstorm losses. However, the unit compares favourably with the experience of many other energy underwriters last year. Hull business produced a marginal result in 2008, after producing a healthy profit the previous year. The small specialised nature of the unit means some volatility is expected from year to year. The longer term record is extremely satisfactory. War once again produced a good result. Discontinued marine excess of loss business also contributed to the overall segmental profit. A more balanced involvement across aviation, marine and energy business provide the basis for satisfactory results over time while limiting volatility from one year to another.
Discontinued Units
The Discontinued Units are made up of the liability reinsurance (or casualty treaty), healthcare and third party liability units.
The Discontinued Business Unit was formed in 2004 solely to focus on the run-off of these accounts. A more proactive management approach together with the increasing maturity of the underlying business has reduced significantly the risks and uncertainties that these units pose to the Group as a whole.
During the last eight years the Discontinued Units have resulted in pre-tax financial losses for the Group of almost GBP300 million, made up as follows:
* Claims losses and reserve deteriorations * Additional capital and higher financing costs * Claims handling and other costs
By the end of 2006 the rate of losses and reserve deterioration had slowed sharply, and in 2007 a number of large inwards contracts were commuted. Last year the number and value of lead claims from 2002 and prior continued to fall. In the three years ended December 2008:
* The population of 2002 and prior year lead open claims from Syndicates 1007 and 1241 has fallen by 71% from 6,117 at 31 December 2005 to 1,757 by 31 December 2008 * The Group's share of gross reserves from the Discontinued Units has fallen by 56% from GBP325.6 million at 31 December 2005 to GBP144.3 million by 31 December 2008
Progress has also been made in commuting outwards reinsurance contracts. Since 31 December 2005, the outwards reinsurance attributable to the reserves of the Discontinued Units has fallen by 67% from GBP93.4 million to GBP31.2 million.
One measure of aggregate exposure is gross claims plus reinsurance recoveries as a percentage of shareholders' funds. In the last three years the Group's aggregate exposure to the Discontinued Units has fallen significantly. In December 2006 it was 118%, being exposure of GBP282.4 million on shareholders' funds of GBP239.8 million. By December 2008 this had more than halved to 58%, being exposure of GBP175.5 million on shareholders' funds of GBP300.5 million. This has been achieved in spite of the foreign currency re-translation effect within the Discontinued Units. The assets and liabilities representing the run-off of these units are almost exclusively denominated in US dollars, the sterling value of which has increased during 2008.
Although the volatility of the Discontinued Units continues to fall and their effect on the Group's financial performance diminishes, they retain the potential to give rise to losses. Furthermore, supporting the run-off requires capital which lowers the Group's overall return on equity. There is a strong financial incentive to continue to reduce Novae's residual exposure to the Discontinued Units.
There are three ways in which the Discontinued Units may be run off to extinction:
* The settlement of individual claims in the ordinary course * The commutation of contracts with individual cedants * A transactional solution under which a counterparty accepts the liabilities and attaching assets, together with the payment of a fee or receipt of a risk premium
During 2008 discussions were held with a number of potential counterparties to establish whether a transactional solution on mutually attractive financial terms was possible. However, given the general increase in risk premium towards the end of the year, and in particular the return on scarce risk capital sought by counterparties in the face of widespread financial dislocation, the Board decided that such a transaction was not in the best interests of shareholders at that time.
People
Culture and values
Corporate culture and values are critical in risk-taking businesses. Turbulence in the financial sector in the last two years has its roots, at least in part, in divergence between employees, shareholders and regulators. Novae's Board places particular emphasis on openness and constructive challenge as symptoms of a healthy corporate culture. Non-executive directors, both on joining and thereafter, have extensive contact with underwriters and managers below Board level. New joiners are instilled with the core values of the Group: courtesy, commitment, initiative and the pursuit of excellence. Employees are expected to set and perform to high standards of business behaviour.
Employee engagement
The Group relies on the engagement of all employees in the day-to-day running of the business. The Board has endorsed a policy of regular and comprehensive employee communication.
The Group Chief Executive makes regular presentations to employees on corporate and financial developments. He also meets all new joiners for a one-on-one meeting and, in conjunction with other executive directors, hosts regular briefing sessions with employees.
The executive directors and senior management operate an open-door regime under which any employee can share difficulties or concerns, if necessary outside their normal reporting line.
Employee profile
Novae had 216 employees as at 31 December 2008 (2007: 215). During the year 34 employees joined and 33 left the Group.
Low staff turnover is important in providing external continuity and confidence internally, for example with capital providers and regulators. Of the 47 senior staff in the Group, 33 have been employees of Novae for at least three years.
Succession planning remains under constant review for business continuity reasons and also to ensure that the Group can respond robustly and rapidly to possible staff changes.
Skills, training and competency
Further investment in training and competency was made in 2008. During the year 124 employees attended a total of 351 courses at a cost to the Group of GBP0.1 million (2007: 109 employees on 222 courses at an aggregate cost of GBP0.1 million).
The Group encourages staff to train for a wide range of professional qualifications. Structured study and exam leave are provided to candidates sitting external exams, with financial incentives widely available on achieving relevant qualifications. Novae employees again featured in the list of national prize winners in competitive exams.
The appraisal process has been further refined. Annual appraisals are now completed in November, with goals set for the forthcoming year. Interim appraisals are conducted in the summer to monitor progress against targets. The appraisal process has been de-coupled from the consideration of annual bonuses. Remedial help is offered to employees who are doing less well than expected.
Management and development
Increasing investment has been made in management and development both at and immediately below Board level. This serves three aims. First, in an increasingly complex regulatory, legal and capital environment, technical development is essential. Second, deeper understanding improves Novae's resilience from a business continuity perspective. Third, the training and development of key managers can have important motivational and morale advantages.
The focus of such development shifted during 2008. In the previous year employee-related topics were the key theme. More recently, attention has moved on to the regulatory, capital and accounting implications of IFRS Phase II and Solvency II, both of which are scheduled for introduction in 2012. In addition, senior managers are encouraged to attend role-specific courses and conferences, where relevant as keynote speakers.
Rewards
The Group's reward structure has four key building blocks: basic salary and benefits; pension contributions; annual bonus; and long term equity incentives.
Salaries are generally set at or marginally above peer group medians for equivalent roles. Executive directors and other senior managers have, however, had their salaries frozen for three years, as a result of which they are in many cases paid below peer group median rates. Benefits, which are available to all members of staff on an equivalent basis, include health, permanent disability and life insurance.
Novae operates a money-purchase pension scheme under which participating employees contribute 5% of gross salary with Novae contributions fixed at 11.0% to 18.5%, depending on age. 179 employees are members of the scheme, representing 83% of staff.
All permanent employees are eligible for an annual bonus. The amount, which is generally set by reference to basic salary, is determined by the Group's financial and operating performance and by the achievement of objectives specific to each individual.
Employees are eligible to join Novae's Share Incentive Scheme, under which they may contribute up to GBP125 a month from their gross salary to acquire shares in the Group; this is matched by an employer contribution of up to GBP250. 130 employees, or 60%, are members of the scheme. A range of other equity incentive schemes are potentially open to all staff. The 2005 Long Term Incentive Plan has made conditional share awards to 80 employees (representing 37% of the whole) and the 2007 scheme has made awards to 52 employees (24%). The Board encourages a meaningful level of personal investment in Novae shares by employees, particularly those in senior positions.
Infrastructure
Insurance platforms
The Group has two insurance platforms: its Lloyd's business, which is regulated by the FSA and subject to the franchise and other requirements of Lloyd's; and NICL, which is directly regulated by the FSA.
Day-to-day underwriting, management and oversight are carried out at segment level. The four ongoing reporting segments are in turn made up of a number of underwriting units which have considerable autonomy to achieve their annual business plan within the Group's overall risk framework. Some units underwrite exclusively for one platform, with an increasing number writing across both. Where relevant, unit performance is assessed on an aggregated basis across both the Lloyd's business and NICL.
The Lloyd's business focuses on large, international risks, typically written on a subscription basis. The Lloyd's brand, rating and central fund resources are also important in writing such business. However, the frictional costs of underwriting at Lloyd's are high and it is not the platform of choice for mid-sized and small premium commercial business (which the Group defines as risks with aggregate premium of under GBP10,000).
The Lloyd's business operates through Syndicate 2007. The Syndicate has premium capacity for 2009 of GBP360.0 million (2008: GBP360.0 million). In 2008 the Group provided 94%, or GBP338.4 million, of the syndicate's capacity. Its ownership will increase to 100% following the purchase of residual third party capacity of GBP1.6 million held by 16 individual names; and Novae's agreement in January to purchase the right of tenure of a major European reinsurer corporate member. Although that corporate member will continue to have an economic interest in Syndicate 2007 for 2009 and subsequent years of account it will be on a limited tenure basis expiring not later than the 2018 year of account.
NICL was formed primarily to write smaller premium, principally UK, business at lower frictional cost and more efficiently than the traditional Lloyd's process allowed. NICL continues to have operating advantages over Lloyd's for risks where the Group is willing to provide 100% of the indemnity limit and where coverage, terms and conditions are comparatively straightforward.
The Group has considered whether a third underwriting platform in an offshore jurisdiction such as Bermuda, Dublin or Zurich could assist in the execution of Novae's strategy. Given the current scale of the Group's catastrophe business there is limited operational advantage in establishing a third platform. Furthermore, Novae's ability to use historic tax losses to offset current and future profits from its Lloyd's business limit the upside potential from moving part or all of the Group offshore. These considerations may change over time but a third platform is not currently a priority.
Corporate structure
At 31 December 2008, the Group was made up of 11 corporate entities and one ongoing managed syndicate. A central infrastructure company employs staff and holds the Group's operating assets. It re-charges the Lloyd's business and NICL for the cost of the inputs (such as people and data processing) that they use.
NICL operates as an integrated insurance entity. Lloyd's requires a separation of function for historical reasons. As a result Novae's Lloyd's business consists of separate managing agency, service company and corporate member subsidiaries.
Four largely inactive companies are retained to preserve historic tax losses or for other structural reasons. In addition to Novae Group plc, there is one intermediate holding company.
IT infrastructure
Novae's IT strategy is based on the adoption of common standards across the Group whilst recognising the different requirements in the Lloyd's and insurance company markets. The strategy is reviewed annually to ensure that it is relevant and supporting the current and longer term needs of the business.
Systems and infrastructure are managed internally with all major development work outsourced to third party specialists. In this regard key partnerships have been established with Xchanging, Salmon and Capita. The Group works closely with these partners to ensure the effectiveness of its chosen IT solutions and that its suppliers continue to perform at a high level.
During 2008 a number of important IT and operational projects have been implemented. A major review of claims and underwriting processes and workflow has been undertaken. Working with Capita the Group has begun the roll-out of a workflow system for both claims and underwriting. This will deliver improvements to process, controls and management information and provide a framework to support electronic placing and claims handling. A comprehensive upgrade of infrastructure has also been completed. This will support the anticipated growth in electronic means of trading and claims handling and provide higher levels of availability for the Group's systems.
For 2009 Novae's commitment to the improvement of working practices will continue by completing the roll-out of this workflow management system across the Group's underwriting units. In addition Novae will also look to expand this into the purchase ledger area, thereby further streamlining current process. In addition data re-keying and duplication in aggregate monitoring is being reduced or eliminated through better IT integration. The Group continues to invest in pricing, capital and management information systems. A particular focus will be developing these systems to deal with the challenge of Solvency II.
Risk
Risk framework and management
Novae's core business is accepting risk. Assessing, pricing, managing and mitigating risk is critical to the Group's success.
Novae has delegated oversight of risk management to the Group's Risk Committee. The Risk Committee meets quarterly. The key output of the Risk Committee and its sub-committees is the Group's risk matrix. The matrix identifies around 125 major risks to which the Group is exposed, which are sorted into nine thematic groups. These risk groups, either individually or in combination, map into the six risk pillars identified by the FSA and which form the basis of the Group's capital assessment:
+-------------------------------------------------------------------+ | FSA risk pillar | Internal risk grouping | |------------------+------------------------------------------------| | | | |------------------+------------------------------------------------| | Group risk | Group and strategy | |------------------+------------------------------------------------| | Insurance risk | Underwriting; reinsurance purchase; claims; | | | reserving | |------------------+------------------------------------------------| | Market risk | Treasury and investments | |------------------+------------------------------------------------| | Liquidity risk | Treasury and investments | |------------------+------------------------------------------------| | Operational risk | Operations; legal and compliance | |------------------+------------------------------------------------| | Credit risk | Credit risk | +-------------------------------------------------------------------+
Novae allocates the majority of its risk budget to insurance risk. The effect of writing a liability-orientated book, with a mean settlement period of three to four years, is that gross assets and liabilities are larger than would be the case for a property-orientated insurer. As a result, an element of the risk budget is required to support market and credit risk on scale grounds, although underlying risk appetite in these areas is low.
Risk appetite is set by the Board. The absolute level of risk and volatility set by the Board are then used by the Lloyd's business and NICL to frame their decision-making. Individuals are charged with monitoring compliance with risk limits and reporting back through the governance structure. Monitoring of risk positions is carried out using management information, performance indicators and stress and scenario testing.
As well as the formal risk pillars, a range of other forces affect Novae's operational and financial performance.
The insurance cycle
The insurance cycle is used to describe the phenomena of rates rising and falling over time. The cycle is generally regarded as being around seven to eight years from peak to peak.
Because insurance requires risk capital, the availability and price of which varies over time, the terms and conditions on which it is written also vary. Furthermore, because of the delay between writing business and the profitability of that business emerging, there is a risk of overshoot or undershoot.
In practice individual market segments are subject to the conditions in their particular environment as well as the general trend of the industry as a whole. As a result, business mix can have a material effect on a firm's assessment of the cycle. Assessing the future direction of rating within a hardening and softening cycle is a key component in risk control and mitigation.
Delegated underwriting
The London insurance market relies in part on delegating underwriting authority to local coverholders with immediate access to particular markets. Under these arrangements coverholders are usually allowed to bind the insurance entity within certain parameters. Premium credit control and adjustment and settlement of claims are also usually delegated, in part or whole, to the coverholder.
Because coverholders are able to bind the insurers on behalf of whom they source business, they introduce issues of control and conflict of interest. If handled appropriately, coverholders can be an extremely effective and profitable route to market. Conversely, an uncontrolled coverholder can expose its insurers to unanticipated or poorly priced risks.
Outsourcing and operational risk
A number of important processing roles have been outsourced to third party providers. This allows Novae to achieve best-in-class processing and without having to scale up or make additional investments in areas such as IT. In some areas, regulation or market practice effectively requires the Group to outsource. Its key partners include Xchanging Insurance Services, external asset managers and IT providers.
To date these arrangements have generally worked well. However, managing outsourcing contracts and addressing periodic failures in service levels is an ongoing process.
Regulation
Insurance is a regulated activity in the UK and internationally. Novae is subject to direct regulation by the FSA as well as oversight by Lloyd's though its Franchise Performance Directorate. As a result a significant investment of management time is made in maintaining a stable and open relationship with the FSA and Lloyd's.
The volatile investment backdrop and challenging insurance pricing environment, together with widespread institutional stress in both the insurance and capital markets, are making the task of regulators more challenging. A tightening of the solvency capital regime, increasing oversight and more active intervention are possible regulatory responses to these events. Such actions would increase costs and reduce operational flexibility for businesses such as Novae.
Rating agencies
The leading rating agencies publish financial strength and credit assessments for Lloyd's itself, for the Group as a whole and for NICL. These ratings are used for a number of purposes but the most common is to allow buyers of insurance to assess the financial strength of insurance firms and therefore their future ability to pay. This is becoming an increasingly important factor in the buying decision.
Given recent dislocation in international capital markets, rating agency assessments are coming under greater scrutiny. If Novae's rating were to fail to meet the needs of its trading partners, or were additional capital to be required to maintain a given rating (for example were the agencies' models to be re-calibrated), the Group's business could be significantly disrupted.
Internal Audit
Internal Audit, which is staffed internally, reports to the Audit Committee. Its work plan is agreed annually by the Audit Committee based on the materiality of individual risks identified by the risk matrix. Controls and mitigations for the most significant individual risks are reviewed annually, with less material items scrutinised on a rolling cycle. In addition, ad hoc reviews are undertaken by Internal Audit as circumstances require.
Internal Audit reports are presented to the Audit Committee. Remedial action, if required, is monitored within an agreed timeframe.
Outlook
Insurance conditions
Over the course of 2008 there has been significant change in expectations for the rating environment. This has several causes, ranging from hurricanes and risk losses on property business to the consequences of financial turmoil and falling property values on banks and various professions. There is an awareness that capital lost, whether through investment losses or insurance losses, may only be replaced at penal cost.
With heightened uncertainty and greater risk aversion this translates into a greater element of underwriting prudence, both on pricing and terms and conditions. In some cases change has consisted mainly of abatement of earlier adverse trends. In other areas more radical change has already been seen. The momentum is expected to build progressively through the current year and beyond. This would represent a less abrupt period of change than in earlier cyclical upswings but implies that the harder rating environment may be more sustained.
Other aspects of underwriting discipline are also clearly evident, including stricter adherence to credit terms and attention to acquisition costs. For example, the value of premium arrears over sixty days was under GBP0.5 million at 31 December 2008 and remained under GBP1.0 million throughout 2008.
Investment conditions
The second half of 2008 saw unprecedented volatility in financial markets. VIX, a market-traded measure of volatility, increased from an average of 23.4 over the six months ended 30 June 2008 to peak at 80.8 in the second half. UK base rates fell from 5.00% on 31 July 2008 (the date on which the Group released its interim results) to 0.50% by March 2009. Over the same period the Fed Funds rate fell from 2.00% to under 0.25%.
Credit spreads have widened and in many cases appear to be discounting a very severe rate of insolvencies over the short to medium term. In particular, the credit market is pricing in a significantly more severe recession than major equity markets. The commodity, real estate, hedge fund and private equity asset classes have been adversely affected by the withdrawal of leverage and concern over the depth and duration of the economic downturn.
Under these circumstances, and after extensive debate and consultation, Novae has reaffirmed its bias towards cash and shorter-dated bonds as its chosen asset classes. However, recognising the incremental income available from investment grade corporate bonds over UK and US government bonds it has shifted its investment focus towards a somewhat higher risk and return position for 2009.
FINANCIAL REVIEW
Income statement
Acquisition costs
Acquisition costs were GBP61.5 million, compared to net premium revenue of GBP258.4 million. The acquisition cost ratio was 24.1% (2007: GBP55.1 million, GBP221.0 million and 24.8% respectively). Since 2004 the acquisition cost ratio has developed as follows:
2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 % % % % %
Acquisition cost ratio 24.1 24.7 22.2 19.4 24.9
Acquisition costs vary by line of business. Inwards reinsurance business typically commands brokerage payable of 10-12.5%. UK regional SME business, in contrast, usually attracts brokerage of up to 25%, due to its smaller individual transaction size and inherently more labour-intensive nature. Business acquired under binding authorities may have a higher acquisition cost. This is offset by the lower claims volatility of regional business compared with catastrophe-exposed inwards reinsurance. The acquisition cost of the majority of Novae's direct wholesale business lies between these two extremes.
The acquisition cost ratio will vary over time as the business mix evolves. In a hard market the greater price elasticity of wholesale business might result in a slight reduction in the acquisition cost ratio. In a softer market, as wholesale business suffers from relatively greater downwards pricing pressure the acquisition cost ratio is likely to increase as the mix shifts in favour of smaller ticket UK business.
Expense base
Operating expenses in 2008 were GBP32.0 million (2007: GBP39.4 million), made up as follows:
2008 2007 GBPm GBPm
Employee costs prior to bonus and equity incentive charges 14.7 13.7 Legal and professional costs 2.8 2.2 IT costs 2.4 2.6 Establishment costs 2.3 2.3 Other costs 4.7 4.7 Core costs 26.9 25.5 Lloyd's and other regulatory charges 12.9 8.6 Foreign currency gains (22.3) (13.9) Bonus and equity incentive charges 14.5 19.2 Operating expenses 32.0 39.4
The increase in the core cost base from 2007 to 2008 may be analysed as follows:
GBPm GBPm
2007 core cost base 25.5 Salary increases 0.7 New underwriting teams 0.3 Other movements 0.4 1.4 2008 core cost base 26.9
Salary increases have been limited to employees whose base salary is under GBP50,000 other than in exceptional circumstances. As a result, where justified inflation and potentially meaningful merit awards have been available to more junior employees.
The Group has made significant investment in IT during 2008. Of this part relates to improved business continuity and disaster recovery, and the balance to a significant investment in workflow technology designed to achieve operational efficiencies and improve management oversight over all areas of the business.
Investment income
Investment income in 2008 was GBP50.0 million, representing a total return net of costs of 5.1% on weighted average investment assets of GBP980.0 million (2007: GBP46.8 million, 5.2% and GBP894.5 million respectively).
Investment assets (which comprise financial assets, cash and cash equivalents) are held primarily in sterling and US dollars. Given the Group's investment strategy in 2008, the total return approximates to the yield on short duration government bonds and cash.
Financing costs
Financing costs in 2008 were GBP9.6 million, down from GBP15.4 million in 2007. The composition of financing costs shows continuing progress in normalising Novae's cost of capital:
2008 2007 GBPm GBPm
2017 subordinated notes 8.8 6.0 2034 Dekania subordinated notes 1.8 1.5 2008 convertible bonds 0.8 4.5 Reinsurer letters of credit 0.8 3.0 Bank letter of credit and other fees 0.2 0.4 12.4 15.4 Less: gain on purchase and cancellation of 2017 (2.8) - subordinated notes Total 9.6 15.4
The remaining 2008 convertible bonds were redeemed at par in December, and as a result will not feature in 2009. Novae has not used reinsurer letters of credit since 2006; the final element of reinsurer letter of credit cost was expensed in 2008.
During December 2008, Novae purchased for cancellation GBP9.0 million (nominal value) of its 2017 subordinated notes for a total consideration of GBP6.0 million. The resulting accounting gain is GBP2.8 million after deducting the appropriate portion of unamortised issue costs.
Assuming no other changes to the Group's capital structure, the Board currently expects Novae's annual financing cost to be around GBP10.0 million.
Tax charge
Novae's 2008 tax charge was GBP3.1 million, equivalent to 8% of profit before tax of GBP40.2 million (2007: GBP8.3 million, 20% and GBP41.0 million respectively). The Group's continuing utilisation of its historic tax losses means that, as in 2007, no material cash tax is payable. As Novae is able to use past losses to offset profits emerging from its Lloyd's business, the Board expects the Group's tax charge will remain below the UK standard rate until 2011.
As at 31 December 2008 the Group had recognised as a financial asset deferred tax of GBP20.2 million (2007: GBP23.3 million). In addition, some GBP61.0 million of trading losses remain available to Novae although they are not included on the balance sheet (2007: GBP71.8 million). At the current standard rate of UK corporation tax of 28% these unrecognised losses equate to a financial asset of GBP17.1 million or 23.9p per share (2007: GBP20.1 million or 28.0p per share, amended to reflect the share consolidation).
The extent to which these additional tax assets may be recognised on the balance sheet depends on a range of factors, of which the visibility of future short term profitability is the most important. If additional deferred tax asset is recognised on the balance sheet in a particular accounting period, this reduces the tax charge otherwise incurred through the income statement.
The Board has taken a deliberately conservative approach to recognising deferred tax assets on the balance sheet. Specifically, by limiting the period within which future profits are modelled an upper limit has been placed on the amount of deferred tax recognised at any given point in time.
No credit has been taken for the Group's capital losses of GBP45.8 million.
Balance sheet
Investment assets
As at 31 December 2008 the Group had investment assets of GBP1,100.8 million (2007: GBP938.2 million). Of these, GBP858.4 million were managed in segregated funds, GBP165.7 million in pooled money market funds and bilateral cash deposits, and GBP76.7 million in Lloyd's pooled overseas deposits.
Novae manages and monitors its financial assets in four separate pools:
* Lloyd's business funds at Lloyd's (solvency capital): GBP194.6 million (2007: GBP237.8 million). Of which GBP174.6 million (2007: GBP217.8 million) is managed by Credit Agricole Asset Management in a segregated fund, around half in short duration investment grade bonds and the balance in cash. In addition the Group has a cash collateralised bank letter of credit of GBP20.0 million (2007: GBP20.0 million) * Lloyd's business premium trust funds (insurance working capital): GBP661.6 million (2007: GBP495.7 million). The Group's segregated assets are managed by Morgan Stanley Investment Management, Insight and Invesco. These portfolios are invested in short duration investment grade bonds, primarily in sterling and US dollars, with a small Canadian dollar portfolio. These assets reflect the currencies in which the underlying insurance business is written, save primarily for US situs funding requirements which can result in over-collateralisation of certain US domiciled business. Assets generated by other non-sterling business are generally converted into sterling or held in pooled local currency funds managed by Lloyd's * NICL (combined solvency and insurance working capital): GBP163.7 million (2007: GBP119.1 million). NICL's assets are held in cash and segregated short duration sterling bond portfolios managed by Credit Agricole Asset Management and Invesco * Corporate cash: GBP80.9 million (2007: GBP85.6 million). Cash not required elsewhere in the Group is generally maintained in sterling. It is invested either in pooled money market funds, in bilateral cash deposits managed on an agency basis by Royal London Cash Management or centrally by the finance team as term deposits
Novae's cash holdings generated strong returns in the first half of the year. However, following the continuing dislocation in the capital markets in the second half, the Group reduced the number and value of its bilateral term deposits. Assets were switched to stable NAV money market funds managed by Goldman Sachs Asset Management, BlackRock and JP Morgan.
Within the segregated funds, investments are restricted to high grade short duration bonds with a specific ban on equities, sub-investment grade assets, derivatives and short positions.
Novae's segregated portfolios have no exposure to CDOs, SIVs, monoline-wrapped products, asset-backed securities or commercial or residential mortgages. The single largest corporate holding at the year end, aggregated across all the segregated portfolios, is GBP11.8 million, representing around 1.1% of the Group's investment assets (2007: GBP10.7 million and 1.1% respectively). The issuer and instrument in question are both rated AAA by Standard & Poor's.
Following asset/liability modelling undertaken at the end of 2008, the Group set neutral duration at three years. The maximum permitted duration of any individual investment is 10 years. At December 2008 the actual mean duration of financial assets across all investment pools was 0.5 years (2007: 0.4 years).
Reinsurance contracts
Reinsurance contract assets amounted to GBP410.2 million as at 31 December 2008 (2007: GBP340.9 million). The total is made up of three elements: reinsurers' share of notified claims at GBP297.6 million (2007: GBP229.7 million); reinsurers' share of IBNR at GBP83.5 million (2007: GBP85.6 million); and unearned reinsurance premiums at GBP29.1 million (2007: GBP25.6 million).
Reinsurance of gross claims is a form of hedging or risk mitigation. By using a portion of the original inwards premium to purchase protection against spike losses, Novae is able to reduce the volatility of its underwriting result. However, for the risk mitigation to be effective the reinsurance has to respond as intended under particular circumstances. Accurate modelling of inwards risk and the purchase of outwards reinsurance on appropriate policy terms are therefore critical.
Furthermore, there may be a gap of several years between the original purchase of reinsurance and the Group collecting the cash due. This extended purchase-to-settlement period introduces counterparty or credit risk, as the gross inwards liability is unaffected regardless of whether or not reinsurance responds as intended. As a result, monitoring and control of counterparty limits, credit assessment and where necessary cash collateralisation and remedial action in relation to disputed contracts are core to the management of the reinsurance asset.
The significance of the reinsurance asset relative to the Group's net worth continues to diminish. From a peak of over 5.0x shareholders' funds in December 2005, it fell to 1.3x in December 2008. Within that total the number of individual items of GBP75,000 or more overdue by 60 days or more has fallen from 18 at December 2005, worth in total GBP13.5 million, to one balance of GBP0.2 million.
Insurance contracts
As at 31 December 2008 technical reserves were GBP1,277.3 million (2007: GBP1,074.1 million). This balance was made up of notified gross claims reserves of GBP775.3 million (2007: GBP597.3 million); IBNR of GBP333.1 million (2007: GBP319.7 million); and unearned premium reserve of GBP168.9 million (2007: GBP157.1 million).
Aggregate gross claims reserves (being notified gross claims plus gross IBNR) represent a significant source of potential volatility for the Group, being a multiple of the current year profitability. A modest deterioration in gross claims reserves, unless offset by matching reinsurance, can result in a more than proportionate effect on profitability.
The profile of gross claims has continued to change over recent years as older business has run off and as the Group's continuing business has diversified and matured. Although the totals remain distorted by a small number of Enron and laddering claims, the overall profile continues to develop in line with the Board's expectations.
Gross claims 2008 2007 2006 reserves GBPm GBPm GBPm
Specialty 611.2 511.2 519.0 Property 68.7 49.0 77.2 Liability 173.2 137.7 133.7 Aviation & Marine 111.0 83.9 74.7 Total ongoing 964.1 781.8 804.6 Discontinued Units 144.3 130.6 222.8 Total 1,108.4 912.4 1,027.4
Currency assets and liabilities
Novae is exposed to foreign currency risk. Inwards premiums and outwards claims may arise in currencies other than sterling, whilst the majority of its costs and capital base are sterling-denominated. Its principal exposure is to the US dollar, which accounted for 41% of inwards gross written premiums in 2008 (2007: 42%). In addition, there are smaller exposures to the Canadian dollar; with the remaining non-sterling balances being accounted for primarily by the Australian dollar, yen and euro.
Currency exposures arise primarily from the translation of non-sterling underwriting profits or losses into sterling. In addition, reinsurance is usually purchased denominated in sterling or US dollars rather than each of the other currencies in which the Group writes business.
The Board regularly reviews the Group's net exposure to the US and Canadian dollar. Novae has made limited use of nil premium puts and calls to protect the sterling value of emerging US dollar balances where the Board is confident that the underlying insurance business is relatively mature. The Board has no current intention to take speculative currency positions or to adopt more complex hedging strategies.
IFRS requires non-monetary items to be carried at historical exchange rates rather than at closing rates (as for monetary items). Non-monetary items comprise unearned premiums, reinsurers' share of unearned premiums and deferred acquisition costs. As a result of the US dollar's rapid appreciation against sterling in the second half of 2008, this has resulted in a gain of GBP12.9 million (2007: gain of GBP5.9 million).
Cash flow
Novae generated positive cash flow of GBP255.5 million in 2008 (2007: GBP126.1 million including the proceeds of the GBP100.0 million 2017 subordinated bond). Of this, the corporate centre accounted for a cash inflow of GBP27.7 million (2007: GBP44.3 million).
Cash flows at the corporate centre are made up of inflows from operating entities, investment returns, plc costs and financing items. Significant cash outflows during 2008 were interest charges (GBP11.6 million), the redemption of 2008 convertible bonds (GBP10.2 million), dividend payments (GBP7.2 million) and the early redemption of an element of the 2017 loan notes (GBP6.0 million).
Cash generated by the Lloyd's business was made up of the final settlement of the 2005 year of account, together with the partial early release of profits from 2006 and the release of surplus solvency capital. The balance of the 2006 year of account profit of GBP42.7 million will be available in the second quarter of 2009. An element of this is expected to be used to fund a cash call on the open Syndicate 1241 2002 year, and the balance released to the Group.
NICL continued to build premium momentum with only a modest level of claims settlement during the period.
Capital
Capital modelling and deployment
Novae requires risk capital to support its business activities. Its level of capital must satisfy the FSA and Lloyd's, producing brokers and where relevant the rating agencies. Two of the Group's four regulated subsidiaries have significant capital adequacy requirements (the Lloyd's corporate member and NICL); Novae's managing agency and Lloyd's service company have to demonstrate a minimum level of regulatory capital but in both cases the amounts involved are not significant. In addition, the Group as a whole is subject to the capital requirements of the Insurance Groups Directive.
Capital is raised and deployed centrally at Group level. Decisions on capital management, such as the mix of debt and equity, are taken centrally with the Lloyd's corporate member and NICL being essentially equity financed with capital down-streamed from Group.
Capital employed within the Lloyd's corporate member and NICL is allocated to individual underwriting units to support their business plans. Capital used to support underwriting is charged to the relevant unit at the Group's hurdle rate, which for 2008 was 12.5%. The hurdle rate is set each autumn by the Board in the light of the capital requirements for the forthcoming year, and the cost of that capital. In assessing cost of capital the Group uses the Capital Asset Pricing Model ("CAPM"), applying an equity market premium of 4.0%. The hurdle rate is generally set at a small premium to the CAPM-derived weighted average cost of capital. In 2008 the weighted average cost of capital fluctuated between 9.4% and 10.6%.
Unit level capital is set by reference to the actuarially-determined capital requirement of its specific book of business. The principal driver of unit level capital is underwriting volatility. As a result, catastrophe-exposed units, whose profitability may vary significantly from one year to another, have proportionally higher capital requirements than units with a lower level of volatility.
Unit profitability, or economic value added ("EVA"), is the residual after charging all input costs against underwriting profits. These input costs include the cost of capital as well as direct, indirect and allocated costs. As catastrophe-exposed units are more capital intensive than less volatile classes, their cost of capital employed is also higher.
EVA is the principal determinant of underwriter bonuses. Underwriting units are focussed on protecting capital and ensuring an appropriate risk-adjusted return. In particular, the dynamics of the EVA approach mean that underwriters have a greater incentive to protect their loss ratios than maximise inwards gross premiums. In a soft market, this is designed to protect the Group's capital from erosion through poor, volume-orientated underwriting.
This bottom-up approach at unit level is complemented by the top-down modelling for NICL and the Lloyd's corporate member imposed by the FSA and Lloyd's itself. The FSA requires firms to have sufficient capital to be 99.5% confident that they will not become insolvent in the subsequent 12 months. Firms are required to model their capital in two principal ways. The Enhanced Capital Requirement applies weightings to risk components of the historic balance sheet and income statement, whereas the Individual Capital Assessment requires firms to model individual risk pillars on a prospective basis. In most cases the ICA produces a higher capital requirement than the ECR and it is the higher of the two which is used by the FSA in setting capital.
Lloyd's has deliberately set the capital requirements for underwriting members (the Economic Capital Assessment or "ECA") at a premium to the level required by the FSA, reflecting its credit rating aspirations. Lloyd's calibration to an A+ rating, instead of the FSA's BBB+, requires an uplift to the FSA-derived ICA, which is currently set at 35%.
Capital requirements
The Group's corporate member accounts for GBP340.0 million of the capacity on Syndicate 2007 out of a total capacity for 2009 of GBP360.0 million (2008: GBP338.4 million and GBP360.0 million respectively). It has increased its participation to 94.4% from 94.0% in 2008. The Group's corporate member has a 2009 ECA of GBP215.9 million, representing a solvency requirement (being the ECA expressed as a percentage of aligned capacity) of 64% (2007: 60%). The movements in the ECA between 2008 and 2009 are summarised below:
GBPm GBPm
2008 ECA 203.0 Effect of changes in interest rates 36.6 Rate reduction effect 13.7 Change in Lloyd's inter syndicate treatment 8.0 Change in volume / mix of business (20.4) Elimination of expense margin (25.0) Overall change in ECA 12.9 2009 ECA 215.9
Interest rates for both sterling and US dollars have fallen in 2008 as monetary authorities have responded to wider financial market dislocation. An element of the capital requirement is related to the discounting effect of future claims settlement. As interest rates have fallen, so the discounting effect has also fallen, leading to an increase in capital requirements. This is a market-wide phenomenon which affects US dollar casualty business particularly severely. Novae has a much reduced exposure to this business so the drag of lower US dollar interest rates is less than would be the case for businesses expanding in the USA.
As the solvency deficits arising from 2002 and prior have been extinguished by profits from more recent underwriting years the profile of the capital stack has changed:
Sources of capital GBPm Uses of capital GBPm
Funds at Lloyd's 194.6 ECA 215.9 Solvency surplus 35.7 Surplus capital 15.9 Personal reserves 1.5 and other assets
Total 231.8 Total 231.8
The 2006 underwriting years of the Group's managed syndicates have both been closed at a profit. In addition, there is a net solvency surplus of GBP24.1 million in relation to the open 2007 and 2008 years of account. Further profits are expected to be monetised over the period to the final settlement of the years of account at the 36 month stage.
Of the 2009 ECA around GBP50 million is required to support the run-off of the 2002 and prior years of Syndicates 1007 and 1241. This amount has increased in the last year, principally as a result of falling investment yields which have more than offset the decrease in the residual reserving risk as the underlying liabilities have continued to run off. Novae continues to work towards a finality transaction as an alternative to the natural run-off of these participations. If an attractive transactional solution becomes available it remains the Board's intention to return surplus capital released to shareholders.
NICL's shareholder's funds as at 31 December 2008 were GBP104.7 million (2007: GBP101.7 million). This significantly exceeds the FSA's stand-alone capital requirement. However, a minimum level of GBP100.0 million of capital is required to satisfy the rating agencies and NICL's producing brokers. Over time NICL's ICA will expand to absorb its dedicated capital but the timing of any expansion in premium flows needs to be carefully timed in the light of market conditions.
NICL's regulatory status also requires the Group to meet the capital requirements of the Insurance Groups Directive. Admissible assets significantly exceed this regulatory minimum.
The Group requires a modest level of working capital to fund its day-to-day operations. In addition, capital expenditure of around GBP2.1 million will need to be financed in 2009. More significantly, the Board needs to retain sufficient surplus capital to deal with the funding implications of catastrophe losses. These can result in significant gross claims settlements and increased short term solvency capital requirements. Following Hurricanes Gustav and Ike, for example, the Group's short term solvency requirement at Lloyd's increased by around GBP20 million.
Sources of capital
As at 31 December 2008 Novae had gross capital employed of GBP411.0 million (2007: GBP397.0 million). This was made up of GBP300.5 million of shareholders' funds and GBP110.5 million of on balance sheet debt (2007: GBP269.9 million and GBP127.1 million respectively).
Shareholders' funds
The Group's shareholders' funds as at 31 December 2008 were GBP300.5 million (2007: GBP269.9 million). Of this GBP6.5 million or 2% was accounted for by intangible syndicate capacity rights, with the balance of GBP294.0 million being tangible net assets (2007: GBP6.4 million and GBP263.5 million respectively).
Debt structure
As at 31 December 2008 the Group had on balance sheet gross debt of GBP110.5 million, made up as follows:
2008 2007 GBPm GBPm
2017 subordinated notes 89.2 97.6 2034 Dekania subordinated notes 21.3 19.3 2008 convertible bonds - 10.2 Total 110.5 127.1
Novae has a GBP20.0 million cash collateralised bank letter of credit which is used to provide part of its funds at Lloyd's requirement. Although not expensive, the accumulation of Group level working capital means that Novae is unlikely to seek to renew this in 2009.
The Group also has a GBP20.0 million revolving credit facility. There are currently no drawings under this facility.
Gearing
As at 31 December 2008 Novae was 37% geared, as calculated by dividing gross debt by shareholders' funds (2007: 47%). The Board believes that this is an appropriate level of gearing for this point in the insurance cycle.
Own shares
The Remuneration Committee has proposed to the Board, and the Board has accepted, a strategy of hedging Novae's exposure to equity-based incentives. Under this policy shares may be held by the Group's Employee Benefit Trust ("EBT") approximately equal to either 33% of the gross value of awards or 50% of the awards net of higher rate tax and employee national insurance.
Financial management
Dividend policy and capital management
Novae's general policy is to pay dividends of not less than 30% of the annual profits available for distribution, subject to the capital requirements of Lloyd's and the FSA. Of this, the interim dividend, paid in the third quarter, will be approximately one third of the total payment made in the previous year, with the balance payable subject to shareholder consent in the following May.
The interim dividend of 2.5p per share paid in October 2008 represented one third of the total payment of 7.5p per share made in respect of 2007. The proposed final dividend in respect of 2008 is 7.5p per share.
The Board remains committed to an active capital management strategy. Save where there is an over-riding strategic imperative, to the extent that capital cannot be deployed at a risk-adjusted return greater than the Group's hurdle rate it will be returned to shareholders. The Board's natural inclination would be to structure any return of capital as a special dividend rather than a share buy-back.
The Group's strong capital position has led the Board to declare a special dividend of 4.0p in addition to the 2008 final dividend. This represents the gain arising from the repurchase for cancellation of an element of Novae's 2017 subordinated notes in December 2008. The total dividend payment per share is therefore 14.0p in respect of 2008.
Following redemption of the Group's convertible bonds in December 2008, Novae has completed the reorganisation of its subsidiary companies' distributable reserves. This will provide greater flexibility in setting future dividend policy as well as facilitating any potential return of capital.
In May 2008 the Group completed its 1-for-10 share consolidation. As a result comparative per share values have been amended to reflect this where relevant.
Tax management and domicile
The Group continues to be able to shelter current year profits from UK tax by using historical tax losses. The remaining unused deferred tax asset carried forward at 31 December 2008 was GBP37.3 million. As a result, a further GBP133.1 million of pre-tax profits may be generated from the Group's Lloyd's business before it attracts corporation tax.
A number of Novae's peers are considering changing domicile for tax reasons. Such a move may also assist them operationally if an offshore centre such as Bermuda can deliver competitive advantages, for example for large writers of property catastrophe business. However, Bermuda would deliver few advantages to the Group given Novae's current business mix. A move to a jurisdiction such as Ireland or Switzerland is unlikely to be a priority provided the Group can continue to use its historical tax losses in the UK.
Liquidity management and banking
Novae's principal banking facilities are provided by Lloyds TSB. In June 2008 the Group's GBP20.0 million Revolving Credit Facility was extended until December 2009, with the margin on drawings reduced to LIBOR plus 150 basis points.
Until July 2008 Syndicate 2007 had a $30.0 million stand-by credit facility provided by Barclays specifically to finance situs and other funding requirements in the aftermath of catastrophe losses. Although it was keenly priced, the accumulation of cash within Syndicate 2007 rendered the facility less relevant than in previous years. As a result, it was not renewed on expiry.
Barclays continues to provide banking for the Group's managed syndicates. In addition, it is the counterparty to two swaps taken out to hedge the Group's Dekania funding transaction. These swaps mature in 2009.
Lloyds TSB provides banking services to the Group's corporate entities.
Future accounting and regulatory developments
Novae has chosen to be an early adopter of IFRS 8 Operating Segments. The 2008 results are compliant with this new standard.
A fundamental review of insurance accounting under IFRS is underway, with 2012 scheduled for the introduction of a new reporting regime. There are still significant issues to be resolved before the new framework can be finalised. However, the Group has begun working on identifying the relevant reporting, data and IT issues.
2012 is also the year in which the European Union's Solvency II regime is due to become effective. In September 2008 the FSA published a discussion paper on the transition to Solvency II and Novae has participated in industry forums to debate the relevant issues. The Group will report on its progress towards Solvency II on a regular basis.
O R P Corbett Group Finance Director 6 March 2009
CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT for the year ended 31 December 2008
Year ended Year ended 31 December 31 December 2008 2007 GBPm GBPm
Gross premium revenue 345.7 302.6 Less premium ceded to reinsurers (87.3) (81.6) Net premium revenue 258.4 221.0
Investment income 50.0 46.8 Fees and commission income 1.8 1.7 Total revenue (net of premium ceded to 310.2 269.5 reinsurers)
Gross claims incurred (240.6) (162.0) Reinsurers' share of claims incurred 73.7 43.4 Net claims incurred (166.9) (118.6)
Policy acquisition costs (61.5) (55.1) Operating expenses (32.0) (39.4) Operating profit 49.8 56.4
Financing costs (9.6) (15.4) Profit before income taxes 40.2 41.0 Income taxes (3.1) (8.3) Profit for the year attributable to 37.1 32.7 shareholders Earnings per share 51.7p 45.3p Basic earnings per share (restated due to share consolidation) Diluted earnings per share (restated due to 50.2p 43.5p share consolidation)
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET as at 31 December 2008
Note 31 December 31 December 2008 2007 GBPm GBPm Assets Intangible assets 6.5 6.4 Property, plant and equipment 1.1 0.8 Deferred acquisition costs 31.1 28.8 Deferred tax assets 20.2 23.3 Financial assets 2 478.3 571.2 Reinsurance contracts 3 410.2 340.9 Insurance and other receivables 184.4 174.9 Cash and cash equivalents 622.5 367.0 Total assets 1,754.3 1,513.3 Liabilities Insurance contracts 4 (1,277.3) (1,074.1) Financial liabilities, due within one 5 year - Convertible debt - (10.2) Financial liabilities, due after one 5 year - Loan notes (21.3) (19.3) - Subordinated notes (89.2) (97.6) Insurance and other payables (66.0) (42.2) Total liabilities (1,453.8) (1,243.4) Net assets 300.5 269.9 Shareholders' equity Share capital 6 73.2 73.2 Share premium 6 67.1 67.1 Merger reserve 6 69.6 69.6 Retained earnings 6 90.6 (98.7) Other reserves 6 - 155.2 Equity component of convertible debt 6 - 3.5 Total shareholders' equity 300.5 269.9 Net asset value per share (restated due 420.0p 375.7p to share consolidation) Net tangible asset value per share 410.8p 366.7p (restated due to share consolidation)
These financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors on 6 March 2009 and were signed on its behalf by:
J P Hastings-Bass O R P Corbett Chairman Group Finance Director
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY for the year ended 31 December 2008
Share Share Merger Other Profit Equity Total capital premium reserve reserves and component account loss of account convertible bond GBPm GBPm GBPm GBPm GBPm GBPm GBPm
Profit for the period - - - - 37.1 - 37.1
Convertible bond - - - - 3.4 (3.5) (0.1) redemption Increase in share-based - - - - 1.6 - 1.6 payment reserve Acquisition of treasury - - - - (0.8) - (0.8) shares, net of LTIP shares vested Reserves reorganisation - - - (155.2) 155.2 - - (note 6) Dividends paid - - - - (7.2) - (7.2) Net increase / (decrease) in - - - (155.2) 189.3 (3.5) 30.6 equity As at 31 December 2007 73.2 67.1 69.6 155.2 (98.7) 3.5 269.9 As at 31 December 2008 73.2 67.1 69.6 - 90.6 - 300.5
for the year ended 31 December 2007
Profit for the period - - - - 32.7 - 32.7
Convertible bond - - - - - (2.0) (2.0) redemption Increase in share-based - - - - 2.9 - 2.9 payment reserve Acquisition of treasury - - - - (3.5) - (3.5) shares, net of LTIP shares vested Net increase / (decrease) in - - - - 32.1 (2.0) 30.1 equity As at 31 December 2006 73.2 67.1 69.6 155.2 (130.8) 5.5 239.8 As at 31 December 2007 73.2 67.1 69.6 155.2 (98.7) 3.5 269.9
CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT for the year ended 31 December 2008
Year Year ended ended 31 December 31 December 2008 2007 GBPm GBPm
Profit before tax 40.2 41.0 Adjustments for non-cash items and items separately disclosed - Foreign exchange on investment assets (77.7) (23.6) - Financing costs 9.6 15.4 - Amortisation charge 1.0 1.0 - Investment income (50.0) (46.8) - Depreciation charge 1.1 1.6 - Employee equity incentives 4.7 3.5
Changes in operating assets and liabilities - Change in insurance contract 203.2 (102.2) liabilities - Change in insurance receivables (15.5) 41.8 - Change in other receivables 4.0 (8.0) - Change in deferred acquisition costs (2.3) (4.1) - Change in reinsurance contract assets (69.3) 82.4 - Change in insurance and other payables 24.3 (5.4) - Change in market value of loan notes 2.0 (0.4) - Other non-cash movements 0.1 (2.1) Net cash from operating activities 75.4 (5.9)
Cash flows from investing activities - Purchase of tangible fixed assets (1.4) (1.2) - Purchase of intangible fixed assets (1.1) - - Interest received 42.8 47.8 - Purchase of investments (1,106.9) (1,621.1) - Proceeds from sale of investments 1,218.6 1,654.1 Net cash from investing activities 152.0 79.6
Cash flows from financing activities - Acquisition of treasury shares (5.3) (4.1) - Redemption of convertible bond (10.2) (40.6) - Proceeds from subordinated bond (6.0) 99.7 - Expenses relating to issue of - (2.4) subordinated bond - Interest paid (11.6) (5.6) - Dividends paid (7.2) - Net cash from financing activities (40.3) 47.0
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 187.1 120.7
Opening cash and cash equivalents 367.0 240.9 - Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 68.4 5.4 and cash equivalents Closing cash and cash equivalents 622.5 367.0
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL INFORMATION
1. Segmental information
The Group's operating segments are organised into similar product and service types. The Board is the Group's chief operating decision maker. This is due to the Board being the ultimate decision maker for future resource allocation to the Group's underwriting platforms. Monthly management information is reported to the Board on a segmental basis to aid its assessment of the Group's performance.
Segment results, assets and liabilities include items that can be allocated on a reasonable basis. Unallocated items comprise insurance working capital, central items and the deferred tax asset.
The Group comprises the following reportable operating segments:
(i) Specialty
Business included within the Specialty segment relates to financial institutions, professional indemnity, management liability, fine art & specie, special situations, bloodstock and credit, political risk & terrorism.
(ii) Property
The Property segment consists of both direct and reinsurance business transacted in the USA and internationally (including the UK).
(iii) Liability
This comprises a UK general liability account, both public and employers' liability risks, international general liability, marine liability business and the new motor fleet account.
(iv) Aviation & Marine
This segment is dominated by aviation reinsurance and also includes the marine energy, specialist hull, cargo and marine war accounts.
(v) Discontinued Units
This segment is primarily made up of liability reinsurance (or casualty treaty) accounts and also includes smaller healthcare and third party liability units. The Group withdrew from these classes prior to 2002 and they have subsequently been reported separately to management. This does not represent a discontinued business analysis for IFRS 5 purposes.
1a. Segmental information at the 100% level
This information is presented to include 100% of the syndicate results. This is to avoid any distortion from the effects of change in ownership of syndicates between underwriting years. All stated operating ratios are calculated by reference to the following information.
The segment results for the year ended 31 December 2008 are as follows:
Specialty Property Liability Aviation Discontinued Total & Marine Units reportable segments GBPm GBPm GBPm GBPm GBPm GBPm Gross written premium 165.8 76.7 68.2 55.9 0.5 367.1 Gross premium revenue 166.9 76.6 62.8 57.7 0.5 364.5 Net premium revenue 124.0 56.2 51.0 41.2 (0.2) 272.2 Net claims incurred 87.6 38.6 30.6 20.9 3.8 181.5 Operating expenses (including brokerage) 41.3 21.5 19.2 15.6 0.6 98.2
The segment results for the year ended 31 December 2007 are as follows:
Specialty Property Liability Aviation Discontinued Total & Marine Units reportable segments GBPm GBPm GBPm GBPm GBPm GBPm Gross 168.1 73.2 56.9 56.6 (2.9) 351.9 written premium Gross 162.7 63.3 50.7 50.7 (2.9) 324.5 premium revenue Net 116.9 44.2 41.6 37.4 (4.2) 235.9 premium revenue Net claims 71.4 17.9 21.6 17.0 5.0 132.9 incurred Operating 43.6 17.8 16.2 11.5 (0.1) 89.0 expenses (including brokerage)
1b. Segmental information at the Novae ownership level
The segment results for the year ended 31 December 2008 are as follows:
Specialty Property Liability Aviation Discontinued Total Unallocated Total & Marine Units reportable by segment segments GBPm GBPm GBPm GBPm GBPm GBPm GBPm GBPm
Gross 158.6 72.0 65.3 52.5 0.6 349.0 - 349.0 written premium Gross 159.0 71.8 60.1 54.2 0.6 345.7 - 345.7 premium revenue Net premium 118.4 52.4 48.8 38.9 (0.1) 258.4 - 258.4 revenue Net claims (82.7) (36.0) (29.0) (19.9) 0.7 (166.9) - (166.9) incurred Investment 22.2 4.5 9.3 4.0 5.8 45.8 4.2 50.0 return* Other income - - - - - - 1.8 1.8 Acquisition (26.4) (13.7) (12.8) (9.3) - (62.2) 0.7 (61.5) costs Operating (12.8) (6.4) (5.6) (5.3) (0.6) (30.7) (1.3) (32.0) expenses Operating 18.7 0.8 10.7 8.4 5.8 44.4 5.4 49.8 profit Financing - - - - - - (9.6) (9.6) costs Profit / 18.7 0.8 10.7 8.4 5.8 44.4 (4.2) 40.2 (loss) before tax Income taxes - - - - - - (3.1) (3.1) Profit / 18.7 0.8 10.7 8.4 5.8 44.4 (7.3) 37.1 (loss) after tax Included within operating expenses are: Depreciation 0.5 0.1 0.3 0.1 0.1 1.1 - 1.1
* Investment income from FAL has been allocated by segment.
The segment results for the year ended 31 December 2007 are as follows:
Specialty Property Liability Aviation Discontinued Total Unallocated Total & Units Reportable by segment Marine Segments GBPm GBPm GBPm GBPm GBPm GBPm GBPm GBPm
Gross 158.7 68.8 54.7 53.2 (2.4) 333.0 - 333.0 written premium Gross 146.8 60.3 49.5 48.4 (2.4) 302.6 - 302.6 premium revenue Net premium 105.5 42.4 40.9 35.8 (3.6) 221.0 - 221.0 revenue Net claims (67.7) (17.8) (20.7) (15.9) 3.5 (118.6) - (118.6) incurred Investment 19.0 7.9 5.6 4.0 5.6 42.1 4.7 46.8 return* Other income - - - - - - 1.7 1.7 Acquisition (24.8) (12.4) (11.1) (7.4) 0.6 (55.1) - (55.1) costs Operating (15.1) (4.6) (4.7) (3.5) (0.5) (28.4) (11.0) (39.4) expenses Operating 16.9 15.5 10.0 13.0 5.6 61.0 (4.6) 56.4 profit / (loss) Financing - - - - - - (15.4) (15.4) costs Profit / 16.9 15.5 10.0 13.0 5.6 61.0 (20.0) 41.0 (loss) before tax Income taxes - - - - - - (8.3) (8.3) Profit / 16.9 15.5 10.0 13.0 5.6 61.0 (28.3) 32.7 (loss) after tax Included within operating expenses are: Depreciation 0.8 0.2 0.2 0.2 0.1 1.5 - 1.5
* Investment income from FAL has been allocated by segment.
1c. Segmental balance sheet analysis Relevant balance sheet captions are deemed to be attributable to the reportable operating segments as follows (investment assets comprise financial assets, cash and cash equivalents):
As at Aviation Discontinued Total Unallocated 31 December Specialty Property Liability & Units reportable by segment Total 2008 Marine segments GBPm GBPm GBPm GBPm GBPm GBPm GBPm GBPm
Reinsurers' share of 250.9 20.9 30.0 48.1 31.2 381.1 - 381.1 claims outstanding Investment 515.1 90.2 213.5 88.2 112.9 1,019.9 80.9 1,100.8 assets Other assets - - - - - - 272.4 272.4 Total assets 766.0 111.1 243.5 136.3 144.1 1,401.0 353.3 1,754.3
Gross provision for 611.2 68.7 173.2 111.0 144.3 1,108.4 - 1,108.4 claims outstanding Other - - - - - - 345.4 345.4 liabilities Shareholders' - - - - - - 300.5 300.5 funds Total 611.2 68.7 173.2 111.0 144.3 1,108.4 645.9 1,754.3 liabilities
As at Aviation Discontinued Total Unallocated 31 December Specialty Property Liability & Units reportable by segment Total 2007 Marine segments GBPm GBPm GBPm GBPm GBPm GBPm GBPm GBPm
Reinsurers' share of 228.7 11.0 15.6 30.8 29.2 315.3 - 315.3 claims outstanding Investment 378.0 156.6 111.6 78.0 108.4 832.6 105.6 938.2 assets Other assets - - - - - - 259.8 259.8 Total assets 606.7 167.6 127.2 108.8 137.6 1,147.9 365.4 1,513.3
Gross provision for 511.2 49.0 137.7 83.9 130.6 912.4 - 912.4 claims outstanding Other - - - - - - 331.0 331.0 liabilities Shareholders' - - - - - - 269.9 269.9 funds Total 511.2 49.0 137.7 83.9 130.6 912.4 600.9 1,513.3 liabilities
As at 31 December 2008 the Group's share of the aggregate gross assets and liabilities of the 2002 open year of Syndicates 1007 and 1241 was GBP452.4 million (2007: GBP409.4 million).
1d. Geographical information
The following table shows the distribution of the Group's consolidated gross written premium by area of risk (including 100% of the syndicate results):
Year ended Year ended 31 December 31 December 2008 2007 GBPm GBPm
United Kingdom (country of origin) 158.6 137.9
United States of America 72.0 84.1 Canada 16.2 18.3 Elsewhere 120.3 111.6 Total foreign countries 208.5 214.0
367.1 351.9
The Group has no significant non-current assets located outside the UK.
2. Financial assets
31 December 31 December 2008 2007 GBPm GBPm 477.9 570.7 Fixed interest securities Equities 0.4 0.5 478.3 571.2 Financial assets comprise: Syndicate 216.8 235.8 Corporate 261.5 335.4 478.3 571.2 Financial assets by type: Certificates of deposit and floating rate 186.7 202.5 notes Government bonds and bills 167.0 210.4 Corporate and supranational issuers 82.6 70.6 Government agencies 42.0 56.7 Pooled money market funds - 19.9 Asset-backed securities - 11.1 478.3 571.2
All financial assets are listed and they are all held at fair value through profit or loss.
3. Reinsurance contracts
31 December 31 December 2008 2007 GBPm GBPm
Reinsurance contracts 410.2 340.9 Less: reinsurers' share of provisions for (29.1) (25.6) unearned premium Reinsurers' share of claims outstanding 381.1 315.3 Less: reinsurers' share of provision for (83.5) (85.6) losses incurred but not reported ("IBNR") Balance 297.6 229.7
Being: Recoveries on claims notified not yet due 301.8 233.7 Provision for bad debt on IBNR (4.2) (4.0) Net recoveries on claims notified not yet due 297.6 229.7
Reinsurance contracts due less than and greater than one year are disclosed in note 4.
4. Insurance contracts
4a. Insurance contract liabilities
31 December 31 December 2008 2007
Gross Reinsurance Net Gross Reinsurance Net GBPm GBPm GBPm GBPm GBPm GBPm
Unearned premiums 168.9 29.1 139.8 157.1 25.6 131.5 IBNR 333.1 83.5 249.6 319.7 85.6 234.1 Notified claims 775.3 297.6 477.7 597.3 229.7 367.6 Total insurance 1,277.3 410.2 867.1 1,074.1 340.9 733.2 liabilities Contracts due 329.7 116.2 213.5 259.0 93.3 165.7 < 1 year Contracts due 947.6 294.0 653.6 815.1 247.6 567.5 > 1 year 1,277.3 410.2 867.1 1,074.1 340.9 733.2
4b. Movement in insurance contract liabilities
Year ended Year ended 31 December 31 December 2008 2007 GBPm GBPm (i) Unearned premiums Balance as at 1 January 157.1 136.1 Premiums written during the year 286.7 271.9 Less: premiums earned during the year (274.9) (250.9) Balance at 31 December 168.9 157.1
(ii) Claims reserve Balance as at 1 January 917.0 1,040.2 Increase / (reduction) in claims outstanding 177.5 (121.0) Increase / (reduction) in IBNR 10.5 (2.5) Increase in claims handling provision 3.3 0.3 Balance at 31 December 1,108.3 917.0
5. Financial liabilities
5a. Convertible debt
Novae Holdings Limited (formerly Novae Holdings PLC) issued 500,000 7% GBP100 convertible bonds at a nominal value of GBP50.0 million on 15 December 2003. On 18 May 2006, the liability due on these bonds was transferred to Novae Group plc.
On 7 November 2007 Novae Group plc announced its intention to acquire the convertible bonds for cancellation. As at 31 December 2007 GBP39.4 million had been bought at par value plus accrued interest and cancelled. During 2008 a further GBP6.6 million was bought at par value plus accrued interest and cancelled prior to the maturity date. The remaining GBP4.0 million matured on 15 December 2008.
The bonds could have been converted into shares at the holder's option at the rate of one ordinary share per 556.6p (nominal value) of convertible debt at any time until 9 December 2008. No bonds were converted.
The fair value of the liability component and the equity conversion component were determined at issuance of the bond. The fair value of the liability component was calculated using a market interest rate for an equivalent non-convertible bond net of issue costs of GBP2.1 million. The residual amount, representing the value of the equity conversion component, was included in shareholders' equity. On maturity the remaining equity component was transferred to the profit and loss account (see note 6).
The liability was measured using the effective interest rate basis.
5b. Loan notes
During 2004, a Group company issued US $36.0 million of 30-year floating rate notes as follows:
Issue date Maturity Earliest Margin date redemption rate date above 3 month US $ LIBOR per annum
US $15.0 million floating 30 June 2004 30 June 15 August 3.50% rate notes 2034 2009 US $11.0 million floating 30 June 2004 30 June 15 August 4.05% rate 2034 2009 subordinated notes US $10.0 million floating 22 September 30 June 19 November 3.50% rate notes 2004 2034 2009
The notes constitute direct, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the issuer ranking pari passu, without any preference amongst themselves, with all other existing and future unsecured unsubordinated debt of the issuer. Issue costs of GBP0.5 million are being amortised on an effective interest rate basis as at inception. Interest is payable on a quarterly basis in arrears. The notes are listed on the Irish Stock Exchange. Swaps are used to match exposure to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and interest rates in respect of the US $15.0 million and US $11.0 million loan notes. The notes are denominated in US dollars with the interest payable pegged to the US dollar base rate. The swaps, which mature on the same date as the interest is due for payment on the loans, have the effect of hedging 100% of the interest rate and foreign exchange rate risks. The carrying value of the notes is a reasonable approximation of their fair value.
5c. Revolving credit facility
Novae Group has available a revolving credit facility from one of its banks of GBP20.0 million, none of which was drawn at 31 December 2008 (2007: none).
5d. Subordinated notes
1,000,000 fixed/floating rate subordinated notes at a nominal value of GBP100.0 million were issued on 27 April 2007.
The notes are callable at par on 27 April 2012 and bear an initial interest rate of 8.375% per annum. Following the call date, the interest rate resets at a step up of 313 basis points above the original three month sterling LIBOR equivalent spread until the notes fall due on 27 April 2017.
The fair value of the liability was determined at issuance of the notes. Discount and issue costs of GBP2.7 million are being amortised on an effective interest rate basis as at inception to the first call date. Interest is payable on an annual basis in arrears. The carrying value is in excess of the fair value.
During December 2008 GBP9.0 million (nominal value) had been bought at market value of GBP6.0 million plus accrued interest and cancelled. The resulting gain of GBP2.8 million (stated after unamortised issue costs and discount of GBP0.2 million) has been deducted from finance costs.
GBPm Nominal value of subordinated notes issued on 27 April 2007 100.0 Discount on offer price (0.3) Issue costs deferred (2.4) Liability component on initial recognition 97.3 Interest expense 13.5 Interest paid / accrued (13.5) Amortisation of issue costs and discount 0.9 Element redeemed and cancelled (9.0) Liability component at 31 December 2008 89.2 Liability component at 31 December 2007 97.6
6. Capital and reserves
Reconciliation of movement in capital and reserves
Share Share Merger Other Profit Equity Total capital premium reserve reserves and loss component account account of convertible bond GBPm GBPm GBPm GBPm GBPm GBPm GBPm
As at 31 December 2006 73.2 67.1 69.6 155.2 (130.8) 5.5 239.8 Profit for the year - - - - 32.7 - 32.7 Convertible bond - - - - - (2.0) - redemption Increase in share-based - - - - 2.9 - 2.9 payment reserve Acquisition of treasury - - - - (3.5) - (3.5) shares, net of LTIP shares vested As at 31 December 2007 73.2 67.1 69.6 155.2 (98.7) 3.5 269.9 Profit for the year - - - - 37.1 - 37.1 Convertible bond - - - - 3.4 (3.5) (0.1) redemption Reserves reorganisation - - - (155.2) 155.2 - - Increase in share-based - - - - 1.6 - 1.6 payment reserve Acquisition of - - - - (0.8) - (0.8) treasury shares, net of LTIP shares vested Dividends paid - - - - (7.2) - (7.2) As at 31 December 2008 73.2 67.1 69.6 - 90.6 - 300.5
Share capital
Ordinary shares of GBP1 Ordinary shares of 10p Preference shares of GBP1 Number GBP Number GBP Number GBP Authorised 31 December - - 3,499,500,000 349,950,000 50,000 50,000 2007 Share 349,950,000 349,950,000 (3,499,500,000) (349,950,000) - - reorganisation 31 December 349,950,000 349,950,000 - - 50,000 50,000 2008
Issued and fully paid 31 December - - 732,213,456 73,221,346 - - 2007 Share issue - - 4 - - - Share 73,221,346 73,221,346 (732,213,460) (73,221,346) - - reorganisation 31 December 73,221,346 73,221,346 - - - - 2008
On 6 May 2008 four new ordinary shares of 10p each were issued and paid at par value. On 19 May 2008 a share consolidation was carried out to convert 10 existing ordinary shares with a nominal value of 10p each to one new ordinary share with a nominal value of GBP1 each. The share consolidation converted the existing 732,213,460 issued and fully paid ordinary shares into 73,221,346 new issued and fully paid ordinary shares. The number of shares used in the calculation of earnings per share and net asset ratios reflects this share consolidation.
The Group has outstanding options over 24,467 shares.
Share premium account The share premium of GBP67.1 million was created on 18 May 2006 by a one-for-one rights issue.
Merger reserve The merger reserve of GBP69.9 million was created on 18 May 2006 following the scheme of arrangement whereby Novae Group plc was interposed as the new holding company of the Novae Group, and relates to the valuation of the new shares issued in excess of their nominal value.
Other reserves At 31 December 2007, other reserves comprised: 1) A non-distributable merger reserve, which represented the premium created on merger with CLM Insurance Fund plc in 1999 (GBP61.9 million). 2) A capital redemption reserve of GBP1.5 million, this was a non-distributable reserve relating to the acquisition of shares for cancellation. In 1999 500,000 shares were acquired and then cancelled at a cost of GBP0.3 million. In 2000 2.5 million shares were acquired and then cancelled at a cost of GBP1.2 million. 3) During 2006 deferred shares of GBP77.8 million were cancelled. 4) The remaining reserve balance of GBP14.0 million related to share premium held by Novae Holdings Limited (formerly Novae Holdings PLC).
Following a reclassification exercise conducted by subsidiaries of Novae Group plc, these non distributable reserves were reclassified as distributable reserves and have been transferred into the profit and loss account.
Equity component of convertible bond This represented the equity component of the Group's convertible bond issued in 2003. On maturity of the bond, the remaining equity component was transferred to the profit and loss account.
7. Statement of directors' responsibilities
The directors are responsible for preparing the Group financial statements in accordance with applicable law and regulations.
Company law requires the directors to prepare Group financial statements for each financial year. Under that law, the directors have elected to prepare the Group financial statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS") as adopted by the EU and applicable law.
The Group financial statements are required by law and IFRS as adopted by the EU to present fairly the financial position and the performance of the Group. The Companies Act 1985 provides in relation to such financial statements that references in the relevant part of that Act to financial statements giving a true and fair view are references to their achieving a fair presentation.
In preparing the Group financial statements, the directors are required to:
* Select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently
* Make judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent
* State whether they have been prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the EU
* Prepare the financial statements on the going concern basis unless it is inappropriate to presume that the Group will continue in business
The directors are responsible for keeping proper accounting records that disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the parent company and enable them to ensure that its financial statements comply with the Companies Act 1985. They have general responsibility for taking such steps as are reasonably open to them to safeguard the assets of the Group and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities.
8. Status of the financial information
The financial information set out above does not constitute the Company's statutory accounts for the years ended 31 December 2008 or 2007 but is derived from those accounts.
Statutory accounts for 2007 have been delivered to the registrar of companies, and those for 2008 will be delivered in due course.
The auditors have reported on those accounts. The auditors' report was unqualified and did not contain statements under section 237(2) or (3) of the Companies Act 1985.
---END OF MESSAGE---
This announcement was originally distributed by Hugin. The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.
SOURCE: Novae Group plc
Classification


Language: ENGLISH

Publication-Type: Newswire

Subject: ANNUAL FINANCIAL RESULTS (90%); COMPANY PROFITS (90%); DIVIDENDS (90%); FINANCIAL RESULTS (90%); BANKING & FINANCE SECTOR PERFORMANCE (78%); NEGATIVE BUSINESS NEWS (78%); TAXES & TAXATION (72%); EXECUTIVES (57%); Accounting (%); Acquisition (%); Art (%); Australia (%); Aviation (%); Bank (%); Banking (%); Bermuda (%); Bond (%); Bonds (%); Book (%); Broker (%); Budget (%); Business (%); Canada (%); Canadian Dollar (%); Cargo (%); Commercial (%); Communications (%); Contract (%); Contributions (%); Corporate (%); Credit Rating (%); Currency (%); Debt (%); Diversification (%); Dividend (%); Dividends (%); Dollar (%); Earnings (%); Energy (%); Environment (%); Equity (%); Euro (%); Executive (%); Exercise (%); Expansion (%); Exploration (%); Finance (%); Flood (%); Foreign Exchange (%); Foundation (%); Government (%); Health (%); Healthcare (%); Hedge Fund (%); Housing (%); Hurricane (%); Inflation (%); Insurance (%); Interest Rates (%); Investment (%); Ireland (%); Japan (%); Law (%); Legal (%); Life Insurance (%); Local (%); London (%); Madrid (%); Marine (%); Market (%); Market Share (%); Medical (%); Merger (%); Mexico (%); Money (%); Net Profit (%); Note (%); Plant (%); Policy (%); Politics (%); Pollution (%); Private Equity (%); Products (%); Profit (%); Property (%); Rates (%); Real Estate (%); Recession (%); Regulations (%); Reinsurance (%); Residential (%); Revenue (%); Salaries (%); Securities (%); Security (%); Standards (%); Sterling (%); Structural (%); Subscription (%); Switzerland (%); Tax (%); Taxes (%); Technology (%); Terrorism (%); Trade (%); Training (%); Treasury (%); Treaty (%); Unions (%); United Kingdom (%); United States (%); Us Dollar (%); War (%); Weather (%); Wholesale (%); Workflow (%); Writer (%); Writing (%); Yen (%); Yield (%)

Company:  NOVAE GROUP PLC (93%); Novae Group PLC

Ticker: NVA (LSE) (93%); (OTC US)

Industry: NAICS524130 REINSURANCE CARRIERS (93%); NAICS524126 DIRECT PROPERTY & CASUALTY INSURANCE CARRIERS (93%); INSURANCE (90%); SPECIALTY LINES INSURANCE (90%); INSURANCE UNDERWRITING (89%); INVESTMENT UNDERWRITERS (89%); BANKING & FINANCE (78%); BANKING & FINANCE REGULATION & POLICY (78%); BANKING & FINANCE SECTOR PERFORMANCE (78%); INSURANCE PREMIUMS (78%); REINSURANCE (78%); Industry Group: Insurance (%); Industry Sub Group: Property/Casualty Ins (%); Industry Sector: Financial (%)

Company-Terms: Novae Group PLC (OTC US) BRITAIN

Geographic: LONDON, ENGLAND (72%); VALAIS, SWITZERLAND (79%); CANADA (92%); UNITED STATES (92%); BERMUDA (79%); JAPAN (79%); SWITZERLAND (79%); UNITED KINGDOM (79%)

Load-Date: March 7, 2009


End of Document
