



Newstex Blogs 
Feminism and Religion
December 12, 2024 Thursday 8:02 AM EST


Delivered by Newstex LLC. All Rights Reserved
Copyright 2024 Feminism and Religion
Length: 1207 words
Body


December 12th, 2024 ( — Delivered by )
Despite what you're hearing out there, because it's outdated information just being repeated in the echo chamber, Trump did not win by a landslide. He has no legitimate mandate. As of this writing one percentage point of the population separates how many votes each candidate got in this election and counting has not finished.
Many of us might still be recovering from the election disappointment and we're trying to find our way forward. Consider this:
'Many of us have been brought up on stories of praying to God the Father to save us, waiting for our prince to come, submitting to the greater wisdom of our husband or priest to guide us. We need to move from this way of being, into our own agency. But we must also recognise that we cannot do it all, nor do it alone, in the martyr mother myth so many of us have learned to embody.
This is not the time for being nice, biting our tongues or not rocking the boat. And yet these are also not times for making enemies or picking fights. Can we find other ways of engaging and challenging, visioning and contributing to transformation? What might these look like?' From Weaving Our Way Beyond Patriarchy - 
That being said, you can resist loudly or from the anonymity of your own home and here are some ideas.
Resistance Checklist
1) Join the BlueSky app - cancel X, consider cancelling Threads. Join here - 
2) 
3) 
4) 
Afterall, we have alleged sexual abusers on the Supreme Court and we have proven ones in the new Trump administration. What kind of message does that send? Abuse of women is being normalized. Violating women is just no big deal. Men are not being held accountable. Women and good men need to resist in whatever way they have at their disposal.
5) Educate Yourself - Do you know the history of tyranny and how to resist? Of misogyny? It might be enlightening. Watch these short videos: VERY short videos on tyranny: 
Misogyny - Origins of Men's Hatred Toward Women -  
'Misogyny is a male problem that women bear the brunt of.'
If men want to encourage women to leave their cats and come out on a date, maybe they should give these a listen. Maybe even take a look in the mirror and cut off that smarmy beard that we're afraid spiders probably live in! Be emotionally available and mature. Reject the toxic masculinity.
6) Join the New Media - legacy or corporate media, owned by billionaires, the oligarchs who bought the election, who deny the importance of their role as the Fourth Estate to protect democracy don't need us watching their content or their advertising. Did you see Mika and Joe of MSNBC went down to Mar-a- Lago to kiss the ring? Some alternative suggestions: MTN Meidas Touch Network, Brian Taylor Cohen, Keith Olberman, IHIP I Have Had It Podcast, Chris Hedges Channel, Beau of the Fifth Column, David Feldman, Mary Trump Media, David Pakman, Jesse Dollermore, The Lincoln Project.
7) Conserve - Don't Buy What You Don't Really Need - With the holidays upon us, resist spending money. Conserve what you have in the event the economy nose-dives as is expected under Trump. Barter, make baked goods, have friends over and share new recipes. Use Facebook Neighborhood and buy, trade, give to your neighbors. Show the CEOs we're not mindless consumers. We speak volumes with our purchases or lack there-of.
8) Volunteer - Be Generous - Look around you. Is there a senior living center, women's crisis center, pet fostering group, SPCA, other organizations that help people, animals, or the environment who need volunteers? Trust me you'll feel better about yourself and the world if you stop doom scrolling and worrying and take action to help someone else. You might even make friends and build a tribe.
9) Boycott, Boycott, Boycott - I just saw Sylvester Stallone praising Trump. I'm done with his new show, which I was enjoying, Tulsa King. Some of you are done with Mel Gibson for his controversial comments and Tom Cruise movies due to his Scientology connections which abuses and exploits their congregations.
Don't buy or associate with Mike Lindell's pillows, or anything from OpenStock, Home Depot, Fox News, The New York Jets Football Team, WWW/World Wrestling Entertainment, Hobby Lobby, Bed, Bath & Beyond, ABC Supply, Wegman's, Dress For Less, Macy's, TJ Max, Marshalls, HomeGoods, Comcast/NBC/Universal Pictures, and maybe the two hardest to let go: Amazon and Wal-Mart. If you can't totally eliminate using these companies, use them a lot less.
Restaurants to avoid — Applebees, Outback, Chick-fil-A, Wendy's, White Castle, Taco Bell, KFC, Pizza Hut, Dairy Queen, Panera Bread, McDonald's, Olive Garden
If you want to give your business to restaurants that support BLUE: Starbucks, Chiptole and JAB (Keurig, Dr. Pepper, Snapple, Einstein Bros. Bagels, Krispy Kreme, Panera Bread, Peet's Coffee)
 
I'm sure there are many more, but this is a start and should get your juices flowing! Maybe you decide to do nothing, but at least you'll know where you're doing business either supports or works against your interests.
10) Stay in the flow. I think it's very possible to resist while not living in fear and to know you're protected and provided for while doing the work of helping humanity evolve. We don't have to submit to male authority, be passive and apolitical to vibrate on a higher level or have an elevated consciousness. In fact, to have an elevated consciousness might require you to not surrender to patriarchy, sexism, racism, xenophobia, injustice and all the rest. It requires raised awareness, emotional maturity and being in touch with our higher self. Otherwise you might not know the difference between choices offered you. How many times did I hear that from people thinking Red was equal to Blue and what each side offered people!
MANTRA - Resistance is Not Futile. The Borg just wants you to think it is.
Make Your Voice Heard
Vote with your Wallet
Demand Accountability
Discover more from 
Subscribe to get the latest posts sent to your email.

Notes

The views expressed in any and all content distributed by Newstex and its re-distributors (collectively, the "Newstex Authoritative Content") are solely those of the respective author(s) and not necessarily the views of Newstex or its re-distributors. Stories from such authors are provided "AS IS," with no warranties, and confer no rights. The material and information provided in Newstex Authoritative Content are for general information only and should not, in any respect, be relied on as professional advice. Newstex Authoritative Content is not "read and approved" before it is posted. Accordingly, neither Newstex nor its re-distributors make any claims, promises or guarantees about the accuracy, completeness, or adequacy of the information contained therein or linked to from such content, nor do they take responsibility for any aspect of such content. The Newstex Authoritative Content shall be construed as author-based content and commentary. Accordingly, no warranties or other guarantees are offered as to the quality of the opinions, commentary or anything else appearing in such Newstex Authoritative Content. Newstex and its re-distributors expressly reserve the right to delete stories at its and their sole discretion.
Classification


Language: English

Publication-Type: Web Blog

Journal Code: Newstex Blogs

Subject: FEMINISM & WOMEN'S RIGHTS (92%); RELIGION (90%); NEGATIVE NEWS (89%); ABUSE & NEGLECT (78%); BLOGS & MESSAGE BOARDS (78%); DISINFORMATION & MISINFORMATION (78%); GOVERNMENT BODIES & OFFICES (78%); HATE SPEECH (78%); MISOGYNY (78%); WOMEN (78%); LAW COURTS & TRIBUNALS (73%); SUPREME COURTS (73%); SEX OFFENDERS & PREDATORS (60%); SEX OFFENSES (60%); General (%); In the News (%); misogyny (%); Patriarchy (%); #Indivisible (%); 4B Movement (%); boycott (%); election (%); Goods Unite Us (%); Karen Tate (%); resistance (%)

Industry: BLOGS & MESSAGE BOARDS (78%)

Person: JOE BIDEN (79%); KAMALA HARRIS (79%)

Geographic: SOUTH KOREA (79%); UNITED STATES (79%)

Load-Date: December 12, 2024


End of Document
