



Fox News FOX HANNITY 9:00 PM EST
November 25, 2024 Monday


Copyright 2024 Fox News Network LLC All Rights Reserved 
Section: NEWS; Domestic
Length: 7362 words
Byline: Sean Hannity, Gregg Jarrett, Charlie Hurt
Guests: Tom Homan, Greg Abbott, Lara Trump, Mike Huckabee, Sage Steele
Body


SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: And welcome to "Hannity".
And tonight, we begin with a FOX News alert. Tonight, a monumental win for Donald Trump and the rule of law. The weaponized, politicized Biden/Harris justice system is now waving the white flag of surrender, thanks frankly to all of you, the American people.
Earlier today, federal prosecutors they dropped all charges against Donald Trump, stemming from the bogus January 6 case. It is now officially over. There will be no trial in the Washington swamp. There'll be no conviction. There'll be no jail time. There'll be no fines.
On X, President-elect Donald Trump reacted, quote, these cases like all of the other cases I have been forced to go through are empty and lawless and should never have been brought. He continued, quote, goes on, it was a political hijacking and a low point in the history of our country that such a thing could have happened and yet I persevered against all odds and I won.
Now, think about this, with the election over, the DOJ is suddenly no longer interested, how amazing, in pursuing a case. As we have reported over and over, it is now crystal clear to all, these charges were never about justice and the American people rejected all of the nine years of smears, slander, besmirchment, lawfare, weaponization of justice. The politicizing of the FBI in our intelligence community, they rejected it overwhelmingly this past election, as they rejected legacy media, which is dead.
Instead, this was always a blatant effort by, unfortunately, actors, Democrats, your federal government, to destroy Dem -- Donald Trump and prevent him from ever becoming president again. They've tried their best. It is amazing that this man is still standing after all that they threw at him.
But the American people, they knew better, and now, it's critical that the Department of Justice undergo much needed reforms. Measures need to be put in place so this can never ever happen again to anybody, Democrat, Republican, the days of anti-Trump anti-conservative witch hunts are over and needless to say, Democrats are not particularly happy. Take a look.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
REP. DAN GOLDMAN (D-NY): Well, look, I certainly understand why he did it given the Department of Justice policy that you cannot prosecute a sitting president. I think it is a shame for justice in this country.
REP. ZOE LOFGREN (D-CA): Of course, now, there's no accountability either using the constitutional method of impeachment or the courts.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: One of the things is we saw all these cases and they never broke through because the media is different.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: They're also very worried about what will happen to the rule of law now that these signals are being sent to Trump base.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: You have one man who is who has managed to really escape justice in all of the various ways, that feels very unsatisfying in terms of the rule of law in this country and it makes us more akin to regimes that we here to for have denigrated.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
HANNITY: There needs to be a little introspection and self-reflection in a moment like this, and maybe the fact that they lied to the American people, they peddle conspiracy theories, they gave selective information, didn't always tell the truth, maybe that was the reason the American people widely rejected this.
But the hysteria on the left, it is now far. It is wide. It appears the proclaimed saviors of democracy are having a difficult time with the election results. In fact, at Biden's own State Department, they organized multiple therapy sessions to help their employees cope with Donald Trump's win. According to `The Washington Free Beacon", quote, one source describing the meeting as a cry session. Wonder what the mullahs of Iran, Putin and president Xi think of that.
And like almost every major department in the Washington swamp, the State Department is filled to the brim with woke anti-Trump Democrats who according to one source in "The Free Beacon" are unwilling or unable to faithfully serve in the Trump administration. Good, it will be a lot easier time for Elon and Vivek.
It will be a monumental task, flushing out hyperpartisan bureaucrats out of the incoming Trump administration and really return to constitutional order which is all I as a conservative have believed in my whole life. It has got to be done for the sake of the country and for -- to give Trump any chance to succeed.
Here with reaction to all this news tonight, FOX News legal analyst Gregg Jarrett.
You know, I'm watching the reaction and I think all the stories. I learned a lesson, Gregg, and I've told you this before, when I was in Atlanta and I was on the air, I didn't know Richard Jewell who was accused of being the lone bomber, he fit the profile of the lone bomber because he lived with his mother. And I was on the air at the time, had no idea he was listening, and I learned later that I was the only person he ever heard say, wait a minute, maybe he's trying to save money. You know, maybe that does not make a terrorist out of somebody.
And then throughout my career between vetting Obama when nobody else would, the Russia-gate, you were a big part of our team, along with Sara Carter, John Solomon, Katherine Herridge at the time, so many others, I can't -- I can't even name everybody, but we unpeeled every layer of that onion and it took us three years.
Then we have FISA abuse and we got to the bottom of that. Then we -- you know, we got to the bottom of impeachment one, impeachment two, all of this lawfare. But also, there were other cases. We were right on this program on Ferguson, Missouri. We were right on Freddy Gray, Baltimore.
I was right about Duke lacrosse because I took the time to go meet with family members and I knew they had exculpatory evidence. Right about UVA, and I can continue. The reason legacy media is failing is because they rush to judgment constantly and they always get it wrong and they've been wrong about Donald Trump and they'll never apologize or acknowledge.
I know a long statement leading into you, but how does this end?
GREGG JARRETT, FOX NEWS LEGAL ANALYST: Well, it ends poorly for Democrats. They overplayed their hand.
You know, their eight-year-old lawfare campaign that began with a Russia hoax and ended with these federal cases backfired on them. People resented it. They saw Trump as a victim, not a villain.
And, you know, these two federal cases are so typical. They should never have been brought. No fair or neutral prosecutor would have done it. They were purely political, legally anemic. They were based on untested legal theories that were dubious at best and constitutional roadblocks.
The Supreme Court blew a big hole in the case on immunity grounds, but they also said obstruction charges you're using, you are misusing them. In the end, there was really nothing left of Smith's cases, especially since the Florida judge tossed the documents prosecution because the special counsel himself was unconstitutionally appointed.
So, Jack Smith now goes down in history I think as the poster child for failed biased prosecutors who abuse their power and it's a huge defeat for corrupt lawfare and a big win for Americans in our system of justice, Sean.
HANNITY: And it also I think convicts the legacy media because they were complicit the whole way. They wouldn't even vet Kamala Harris. They had a days to do so.
I think this channel mostly -- nobody -- I don't think anybody else more than me played Kamala in her own words, they wouldn't even do that and inform their viewers or listeners. I mean, that's so rudimentary and fundamental. What does it tell you about media today?
JARRETT: Well, it tells us that the media is lost. They have forgotten their role to be fair and unbiased, neutral to tell both sides of the story. They have become activists with an agenda and many of them readily say, openly, that, you know, our job is to serve as the resistance to Trump.
You know, Smith's misbegotten cases are so typical of how the media mishandled them. You know, Smith knew that this would happen which is why he unscrupulously tried to rush the prosecutions before the election and when he failed then he attempted to harm Trump's chances at the ballot box by releasing to the public damaging documents right before the election.
They were one-sided. They were exaggerated. He violated DOJ rules, you know? And the media let him get away with it and so did the judge. She said, oh, well this is irregular but I'm going to endorse it and let you do it.
You know, Smith didn't care about the law and procedure and neither did the media. They misrepresented it time and again because they had an agenda.
HANNITY: My warning to conservatives is there might be a desire to get back at them. We can't become them and we have to reject this outright. Clean it all up, so it can't happen again, and restore constitutional order.
Gregg Jarrett, thank you.
Now on January 20th, Donald Trump, he will be sworn in as the forty, well, fifth president of the United States, more -- now 47th, depend on how on how you count. He will absolutely hit the ground running. The U.S. federal government is right now a disaster. He has the chance that maybe a president will only see in a years and that is to be transformational in many areas.
One of the most glaring crisis, that at the southern border. The sheer amount of human suffering caused by Joe, Kamala's dereliction of duty is immeasurable, record fentanyl deaths from drugs pouring across the countries, murderers, rapists, cartels, gang members, terrorists, you know, all these crimes perpetrated by their unvetted illegals that they allowed in, aided and abetted in the process.
In northern Virginia, an illegal immigrant from Honduras just arrested for allegedly raping a woman on a hiking trail, just says, you know, after he was released from jail for a prior sex crime. Explain that to me.
Violent South American gangs are popping up in cities and towns all across the U.S., including in New York, where one Venezuelan gang is now reportedly recruiting young boys and girls. And keep in mind, the Biden administration, they have lost track of more than, what, 320,000 children that crossed the southern border according to a whistleblower? This is human trafficking, sex trafficking reaching record highs.
On Sunday, a scared 2-year-old little girl was picked up by border patrol in southern Texas. Somehow she made it you know all the way from El Salvador without her parents or any other legal guardian. Look at this if this doesn't break your heart.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
DPS: Did you come by yourself? Yes?
How old are you? Two years old?
Did you come with your parents? No? By yourself? Where are you going?
2-YEAR-OLD GIRL: With my mom and dad.
DPS: Where are they?
2-YEAR-OLD GIRL: United States.
DPS: United States, OK.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
HANNITY: It's unconscionable. She was one of 60 unaccompanied minors picked up at the border on Sunday.
Now, there's nothing compassionate about the wide open southern border. Death, misery, risk of terrorism, violence, murder, rape, other violent crimes, tens of billions of taxpayer dollars down the drain, and yet, there are still Democrats who are desperate to keep this going.
Listen to Denver's idiotic mayor, Mike Johnston. Take a listen.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
INTERVIEWER: Trump's new border czar Tom Homan has said that he is willing to arrest leaders like yourself for standing in the way of these policies that they want to enact. Would you be willing to go to jail for these things?
MAYOR MIKE JOHNSTON, DENVER MAYOR: Yeah, I'm not afraid of that, and I'm also not seeking that.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
HANNITY: It is time to restore common sense, sanity across the country, put an end to this needless suffering.
Moments ago, the president-elect detailed his plan on Truth Social.
Quote: On January 20th, as one of my many first executive orders, I will sign all necessary documents to charge Mexico and Canada a 25 percent tariff on all products coming into our country and its ridiculous open borders policies. This tariff will remain in effect until such time as drugs, in particular fentanyl, and all illegal aliens stop the invasion of our country.
Both Mexico and Canada have the absolute right and power to easily solve this long simmering problem. We hereby demand that they use this power and until such time that they do, it is time for them to pay a very big price.
Canada, Mexico, every other country in the world, friend and foe, has now been put on notice. The days of weak, feckless foreign policy, open borders is over.
Here with reaction, a man that President Trump appointed to fix the border, Tom Homan, along with someone who frankly has played a very big role in bringing attention to this -- this security disaster, Texas Governor Greg Abbott. And they're going to be together all day tomorrow.
Tom, you -- you heard the go -- you heard this mayor out there in Colorado. I want to get your reaction to it. And I want you to be clear about who has jurisdiction, the federal government or state and local governments? And if you're a sanctuary state or city, are you breaking the law?
TOM HOMAN, INCOMING TRUMP BORDER CZAR: You're absolutely breaking law. All he has to do, look at Arizona versus U.S., you'll see he's (ph) breaking law.
But look, me and the Denver mayor, we agree on one thing -- he's willing to go to jail I'm willing to put him in jail because there there's a statute. It's Title 8 United States Code 1324 (iii). And what it says is it's a felony if you knowingly harbor and conceal illegal alien from immigration authorities. It's also a felony to impede a federal law enforcement officer.
So if we don't have (ph) help, that's fine. He can get the hell out of the way. But we're going to go do the job.
President Trump has a mandate from American people. We got to secure this country and we got to save American lives.
And I find it shocking that any mayor of a city would say -- President Trump's been clear, we want to concentrate on public safety threats and national security threats. I find it hard to believe that any mayor or governor would say they don't want public safety threats removed from their neighborhoods.
I mean -- I mean, I don't know what the hell is going on in Denver, but we're going to go and we're going to fix it. If you don't want to fix it, if you don't want to protect these communities, President Trump and ICE will.
HANNITY: So you will be going into Colorado, Illinois, New York, California and you are going to -- you are going to uphold the law of the land. That's your commitment. It doesn't matter what these elected politicians threaten or say that they're going to do?
HOMAN: We're going to enforce the law, period. And they're not going to stop us.
HANNITY: You know, Governor Abbott, I -- I watched you with great frustration, do everything imaginable in your power, come up with idea after idea after idea, because you are bearing the brunt of this from the very beginning, and you tried to put up barriers in the beginning, and then you tried to work the courts in the beginning, then you started flying people out of your state to the sanctuary cities and states.
And then, all of a sudden, people like Mayor Eric Adams to his credit, he finally got there, realized maybe this is not such a good idea, wide open borders because we can't control what's going on here.
How frustrating has that been for you?
GOV. GREG ABBOTT (R), TEXAS: Well, listen, it's -- it's very frustrating when we have a country and a president and an administration that are fighting back against the law, inviting all this illegal immigration into our country, bringing those people in who are committing those rapes, those murders, and crushing the families across the entire country.
So I'm -- I'm thankful that we finally have a president in President Trump who's going to enforce the laws of the United States of America. I'm thankful that we have Tom Homan as the incoming border czar who's going to help execute those laws and enforce those laws and make sure that we get back to restoring order.
But also, I'm thankful especially this time of the year what Tom's going to help me out with tomorrow. I'm thankful for the National Guard troops who've been serving on our border for the past four years under the Biden administration, erecting the barriers, repelling and denying entry to people trying to enter the country illegally. Those are men and women who deserve the respect of the entire United States of America and we're going to go feed them a Thanksgiving dinner, Thanksgiving lunch and show them the gratitude that they deserve.
HANNITY: Yeah.
Let me -- let me ask you. I had Senator Rand Paul, Tom, on my radio program today and he thinks it's a matter of police and ICE resources, not the military that can be used in this effort. What is your answer to that? Constitutionally, he says there's a problem.
HOMAN: We need DOD's assistance.
Look, we got millions of people we need to find and we -- look, we got well -- we got a lot of criminal aliens. We got a lot of national security threats. We need to find these people.
It is -- I think DOD, this is a national security vulnerability. I think it's the biggest national security vulnerability we've seen since 9/11 because of the two -- over 2 million gotaways. We already arrested a record number of people off the terrorist watch list crossing the border.
We know 2.2 million people paid more to get away. They didn't want to be vetted, didn't want to be fingerprinted. That scared the hell out of everybody.
So DOD's helped on a border on numerous administrations. We need their help on the Trump administration. They don't have to be out arresting people. They can certainly help us with transportation.
They can help us staff up groups. They can help us do some of the infrastructure building. They can -- they can help with some of the logistics.
We need DOD's help and President Trump's committed DOD is helping us, and we -- and we're going to do that. So, again, President Trump's a tough president and DOD's assistance going to help us be more successful in the country.
And it's just sad that Rand Paul will say that. I think we all need to be on the same page. Again, no one -- we all should be on the same page and talking about the biggest national security vulnerability we've seen in this nation. We all should be on the same page, Republican, Democrats, independent, everybody.
HANNITY: Well, don't count on the Democrats because all they're doing is preparing to be -- resisting every effort you make and why they're putting the so-called rights, which illegal immigrants obviously don't have, over the safety and security of Americans, the drugs, the cartels, the gangs, the known terrorists in the country is inexplicable to me.
Governor, you have used the National Guard. You have used it successfully.
Would every state be able to start with that and add to the ICE personnel as well?
ABBOTT: So, it's a great strategy. Remember this, Sean, and that is we had half of America's governors send either their National Guard or DPS equivalent -- Department of Public Safety equivalent to the state of Texas. From Republican states across the country, all governors were lending their support.
So bottom line, this has already happened and in Texas, we show the way that the police force can work collaboratively with the military force, where the police are doing the policing, the military are doing things like building border barriers that that deny entry.
And so, there -- there is a very meaningful role for the military in this situation and it's something that we are expecting and hoping that that President Trump will use because here's the deal, in my opinion, we don't have enough ICE agents. We don't have enough border patrol agents. But we need as much power as we can get right now because it's all hands on deck for us to be able to deny illegal entry and to deport all those who are here illegally.
It's a full-time job. We need all the people we can get to do that job.
HANNITY: What do you say, Tom Homan, to any elected official that is pledging to aid, abet and assist illegal immigrants and prevent you and your team from doing the job you've been hired to do?
HOMAN: Again, I think the message is, you know, you can not help. That's your choice. I can't believe you don't want to help remove public safety -- public safety threats and national security threats from your communities. I think that's your number one responsibility.
But they obviously hate President Trump more than they love their communities.
So, look, I'll say it again -- don't cross the line. Do not impede us. Do not knowingly harbor and concealing an alien, or there's going to be consequences.
Thank God we have a strong president coming in, President Trump. We got a strong secretary coming in Kristi Noem, who I had a lot of communications with.
And look, me and Governor Abbott, we're already -- we're already working together. We're already making plans.
We're not waiting for January 20th. The planning starts now. January 20th, game on.
So if they want to push back, push back, but don't cross that line.
HANNITY: Yeah. We got to protect every American against all of these criminals that have gotten into this country and what has -- what has been done by Harris and Biden and Mayorkas and then lying to the American people about it, maybe they need to examine their conscience on this.
Tom Homan, Governor Abbott, thank you both.
When we come back, the left, their lawfare against Donald Trump continues to collapse. The American people overwhelmingly support the Trump transition. Lara Trump will join us next.
And after her failed presidential bid, a relaxing Hawaiian getaway for Kamala Harris as she plans her political future. Really? We'll tell you about that and get reaction from Mike Huckabee and Charlie Hurt, straight ahead.
(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
HANNITY: All right. So as we told you at the top of the show, Jack Smith's lawfare against Donald Trump and, of course, the weaponized DOJ of Joe Biden and Kamala Harris and Merrick Garland is now over. Earlier today, a federal judge in D.C. granted Smith's motion to dismiss the January 6- related felony criminal charges against Donald Trump. And with all this federal lawfare now finally behind him, thankfully, Donald Trump can focus on the job he was hired for which is to make America great again.
He's now nominated a full cabinet. The new team is already finding success. The Dow Jones, well, it closed at a record high today, the first day of trading since Trump announced Scott Bessent as his treasury pick.
Now, Bessent told "The Wall Street Journal" that his top policy priorities will be enacting Trump's tax agenda. That means no tax on tips, no tax on overtime, no tax on Social Security, and an extension of the Trump tax cuts from the first term.
Here with more, RNC co-chair Lara Trump.
If you talk to your father-in-law, may I offer one itsy-bitsy suggestion? Can we make the tax cuts permanent this time? Make them permanent so we don't have to worry about where the economy is going to be and make us the most energy dominant country on the face of this Earth. Just humble suggestions, I'm a mere talk show host, what do I know?
LARA TRUMP, CO-CHAIR, RNC: Yeah, those were very popular. The largest tax cuts in American history. Of course, under Donald Trump with the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, and yeah, I think that's probably going to be day one, Sean, to give this country not just energy independent but energy dominant again.
I think what we saw happen today with this Jack Smith case is really remarkable. You know, I remember the day that the raid on Mar-a-Lago happened, I came on FOX News that night and I said, you know, I think this is a demarcation line in the history of America and I actually believe that that was right because not just the fact that we never seen these kind of communist Soviet-style tactics so brazenly used against a political opponent to intimidate and to sway the outcome of an election, not just because -- you know, that was really the start of a stain on the history of America the past several years with jack Smith, with Fani Willis, with Letitia James, with Alvin Bragg, but because I think, Sean, that was the moment that the American people really woke up and took notice as to what was going on in this country.
And they did what we have done in the United States for 248 years, on November 5th, we chose liberty over tyranny, we fought back. We took our country back. And what you're seeing happen right now with Donald Trump's cabinet picks and his appointments are exactly the mandate the American people delivered on November 5th.
That's why the approval of everything is so high. That's why you see the economy starting to roar back. That is why people are desperate for January 20th to come around because we know if it's already starting to feel good now, Sean, just wait until Donald Trump is actually physically back in that White House.
HANNITY: All right. So if the president is able to get the economy on track, get inflation down, get interest rates down, get gas prices, you know, down a buck, buck 50 a gallon, that will -- that will really help the average American. If he's able to secure the borders, if he can restore law and order, if -- if he can bring stability to the world before Joe Biden in the next 50-some odd days starts World War III by authorizing ballistic missiles and providing them to Ukraine, knowing Donald Trump wants a negotiated settlement, maybe he should back off knowing a new sheriff's in town very soon, and not ratchet up, you know, a war in Europe before Donald Trump takes office, that would be good.
If he does these things, to me, they would be transformative. This is an opportunity to fix things on a level we've never seen before.
Add to that that, Vivek and Elon Musk which is like as a conservative, my entire career, I've wanted the elimination of waste, fraud and abuse, and ending the bureaucracy and returning to limited government, greater freedom. Can that all really happen?
L. TRUMP: I believe that what Donald Trump says is absolutely true. We are on the verge of the golden age of America. And I actually believe that we are going to see the most transformational period since the inception of America since our founding happen over the next four years.
Look, think about how great a job Donald Trump actually did the first four years in office and he was a newbie. He that was his first time as a politician, he came in cold and he was the president of the United States.
He had a lot to learn. Obviously, he had to deal with issues of staffing and people he didn't know having to appoint them to these positions. Now he knows. He knows exactly what he needs to go in there and do he knows exactly what happens in Washington, D.C. and exactly who he needs by his side to execute all of the things you just laid out.
Yes, I believe we can see all of those happen. I think DOGE is going to be huge. I think we all as American taxpayers want to know our taxpayer dollars are going to actually fund things that matter, not these crazy experiments on animals that have no business as part of our federal government. I think it's in a very exciting time and I -- I'm going to say it again, Sean, I said it right after the election, I believe Donald Trump will leave office as one of the most popular presidents in modern history.
And even the naysayers I believe we're going to come around and have to admit that, yeah, Donald Trump did a heck of a job as president of the United States.
HANNITY: All right. Last question, there's been a lot of speculation about your future. Where are you today?
L. TRUMP: I'm right here Florida.
(CROSSTALK)
L. TRUMP: You know what, Sean? I -- I've had -- it's been an amazing ride, the nine years that I've been part of this political game in our family's history. I don't think any of us could have predicted any of it, to be the co-chair of the RNC during all of this has been an honor, and I'm -- I'm waiting to see what the future holds.
Look, I would be honored to be a senator, I'd be honored to do a lot of things. I have -- a lot of things coming my way right now. So I'm going to make a decision hopefully soon and we'll see what the future holds. I'm -- I'm very excited.
HANNITY: That was almost a political answer, but it was too honest to be a political answer. So for me to say that, it would be really unfair.
Anyway, Lara Trump, great to see you as always. Thank you.
All right. As we count down to the beginning of Donald Trump's second term, political observers are starting to wonder what is next for Joe Biden and Kamala Harris?
Kamala spent the last several days in Hawaii where she has reportedly been on the phone considering her own political future. Two options apparently according to reports have emerged. She can either try and run for president again in 2028, or mount a bid for California governor in 20267.
For his part, Biden continues to blunder through his remaining public events. You decide. Take a look.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: According the experts, Peach weighs 41 pounds and loves to eat hotdish and teter to -- tator tots, and cross-country skis. You know, dreams to see -- but his -- the real dream he has is to see the Northern Lights, I'm told.
Good evening, everyone. Good evening, good evening, good evening. If you have a seat, please take it, but don't jump in the pool.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
HANNITY: Nah, I was wrong the whole time. He's -- he is cognitively as sharp as he's ever been. No.
Anyway, with Hunter Biden expected to be sentenced for his gun and tax crimes before the end of the year, many are also wondering if Joe will pardon his son or commute the sentence. "Politico" is now openly calling on Joe to show mercy to his own son.
Here with reaction, FOX News contributor Charlie Hurt and America's next ambassador to Israel, Mike Huckabee.
Good to see you both.
Ambassador to be, I hope, Mike Huckabee, congratulations again. You know, I became very close friends with somebody that I know you know, Alice Marie Johnson and love her dearly. I know this was the woman, one tri -- one time drug offender, Donald Trump either commuted or pardoned her, what -- whatever, commuted the sentence.
And I'll never forget that moment where she went running out into the arms of her family. She never thought she'd get out of prison. So she started her own ministry there, and she would help young girls that were getting out and help them, you know, guide them to get them on the right road. I would like to see the transformation of the use of the presidential pardon, maybe it's a Hannity idea that people won't like, I like it.
Let Alice Marie Johnson find every person in jail that doesn't belong there and say once a week, Donald Trump makes an announcement. I'm going to pardon this person, or that person.
What are your thoughts and what do you think Joe should do with Hunter?
MIKE HUCKABEE, U.S. AMBASSADOR FOR ISRAEL NOMINEE: Politically, it's a disaster because nobody ever supports any commutation or clemency action whether, it's a governor or president. They just don't. They will say they will but they don't.
The truth is Donald Trump showed a level of courage that very few presidents have ever shown. He didn't wait until his last day and let go with a lot of his buddies and friends that were in the clink. What he did was create an incredibly power powerful program called First Step that recognized that some people don't need to be in prison anymore. It's a very expensive process.
And so, he created a program that looked at sentences some that were way too long and he actually started giving people what every person in prison needs to keep from just becoming unglued and that's hope.
Donald Trump did something that defied political gravity in that and thank God for it.
HANNITY: What do you think about Hunter and Joe? And then we'll ask about what Trump should do if Joe doesn't pardon his son or commute a sentence?
HUCKABEE: You know, I would hope that he looks at the facts and if there's something that is untoward in the sentence, then sure, consider it. But don't do it just as a symbolic measure.
There are a lot of people who have been in prison since the January 6 convictions, some of them deserve to be there because they committed crimes. They struck a police officer. They vandalized government property. They threatened people. That's different.
But there were people who just walked around that day and within months, they had the FBI banging on their door. They went to trial, some of them were put in jail for months on end without any type of adjudication. And there are people that have no business having a felony conviction as a result of simply walking around at the invitation of the Capitol police.
And there are some people who are in prison not just for that but other things that really are serving no particular purpose for remaining in there and having a felony conviction.
HANNITY: Charlie, do you like my Alice Marie Johnson idea, pardon a week, find people in jail that have either served their time or are deserving to get out? And what do you think that Joe Biden should and will do regarding his son?
And if he doesn't do anything for his son, should Donald Trump consider it?
CHARLIE HURT, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, of course, I always love -- we all Americans love redemptions stories. They love stories about people who get a second chance and do something great with it. I think it's a marvelous idea.
Obviously, there are -- you run into all kinds of problems doing that. But, you know, if you were to do it in a -- in a cautious sensible way, I think it would be -- like I say, I think that, you know, Americans love stories like that. I think it'd be -- I think it could be very inspiring.
In terms of, you know, the -- you know, obviously, commuting or removing Hunter Biden's sentence is not something, it's not fair. It's not just.
But in a lot of ways, I kind of would be surprised if Joe Biden doesn't do that. There -- there would be no incentive for Donald Trump to do that. But, you know, and I feel like in a lot of ways, you know, Joe Biden -- you know everything that Hunter Biden has made of his life has been sort of in service of his father and in a lot of ways I kind of feel like his father is almost -- I mean, you think about he is -- what he used his son for, running him as a bagman for the family's influence peddling scam all these years. I -- you know, I -- I -- it's sort of -- I don't I wouldn't commute the guy's sentence, I wouldn't pardon him, but I certainly think that his father is probably just as if not more guilty than Hunter Biden is for a lot of the jams that he's gotten himself legal jams that he's gotten himself into.
HANNITY: Well, if Republicans were like Democrats, they would, you know, weaponized the justice system and go after Joe after he leaves office.
Let me ask you both, I have about 40 seconds for each of you. What do you think of the idea of a Kamala comeback, Governor Huckabee? And -- or do you think she would run for governor?
And don't you think that Gavin Newsom has in the back of his head he wants to be in that Oval Office? Problem is, he has the same policies he supports as Kamala.
HUCKABEE: Well, first of all, it would be a gift to the Republicans and I hope she runs for something because it's just really wonderful. Maybe she'll get another billion dollars and blow through that like she did her presidential campaign. But the difference is nobody's going to hand her the nomination.
She's -- yeah, but she's going to -- she's going to have to run even if for governor and she's not going to get a free ride all the way to the nomination without having some competition.
HANNITY: Not this time.
HUCKABEE: So good luck, Kamala. Hope it works out for you because I think most every Republican will love to face you again.
HANNITY: Real quick, Charlie, does she have a future?
HURT: Yeah. No, on the national political scene, she's cooked. She's finished. She'll never come back. She can waste her time and waste people's money by trying but she's -- she's finished.
You know, whether or not she could do it in California, I don't know. But the problem is, every time she runs, the more people learn about her, the more people don't like her. And I think it that would apply if she runs in California. But it's definitely true if she ever tries to run nationally again.
HANNITY: All right. Charlie, thank you. Governor, hopefully ambassador, really soon, Huckabee, thank you.
When we come back, Trump derangement syndrome, it now has gotten worse ahead of the president-elect second term.
Plus, Donald Trump's signature dance, it's still popular in the NFL. Sage Steele straight ahead.
(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
HANNITY: All right. As we get closer to Inauguration Day, Trump derangement syndrome is spiraling out of control. According to a new "Axios" report, people are rushing to get reproductive care, despite Donald Trump repeatedly over and over and over again saying throughout the campaign, he is not going to sign a national abortion ban or limit access to contraception. He's not going to do it.
Some D.C. residents are now calling for Airbnb to have a blackout for Donald Trump's inauguration with the goal of making it harder for his supporters to find a place to stay for the inauguration.
We did reach out to Airbnb for comment. They confirm they welcome guests of all political perspectives. G for them, before saying if these terms of service are violated, action will be taken. They also confirm that in the D.C. metro area, the number of available listings has remained stable and the prices and search trends are typical for an area with increased demand.
Meanwhile, the Trump dance -- well, it's taking the country by storm whether you like it or not. Yesterday, more NFL players, check it out, Miami Dolphins are on a run. Two is playing great.
Anyway, they had a big celebration after big plays. Here with reaction, she is the highly successful podcast host, our friend Sage Steele is back.
All right. So help me with this if the Democratic presidential candidate and the vice president of our country campaigns and says in her closing argument as she did that Donald Trump's going to sign a national abortion ban, limit your access to contraception stop or eliminate IVF treatment, on top of calling him you know or surrogates calling him racist Nazi, fascist whatever, I can kind of understand Americans believing the lie.
But it always was and forever will be a lie. What do you make of people reacting this way?
SAGE STEELE, HOST OF "THE SAGE STEELE SHOW": I guess I'm not surprised at this point, Sean, but most importantly, the people have spoken. On November 5th, I think they proved to all of us who were concerned that no they can hear it but they no longer believe the lies.
I would like to say one thing. The left calls it reproductive rights. Can they just be honest about this? Reproductive means, what, like reproducing, creating more.
These are abortion rights. The rights that they want are to kill their babies. Donald Trump has made it very, very clear for a long time. And, oh, by the way Melania Trump has come out and she's pro-choice, right? Nothing's going to change.
You can still, by the way, in eight states, abort your baby up until birth, and in 18 states, anytime after 24 weeks into that third trimester, so there's plenty of places where you can go abort kill your baby until the very last minute. So I don't want to hear it from all these people saying that rights are being taken away. They're saying exactly where they are now, which is in the hands of the states where they always should have been.
So, so stop, stop with the fearmongering. And oh, by the way, it's over. You lost.
HANNITY: Yeah. Good point and 60 plus percent of abortions now are done by a pill, which was codified into law by that Supreme Court decision.
What do you make of this 4B movement? The women that are shaving their heads, the women that are, quote, withholding sex, the women that are threatening to divorce their husbands, and stockpiling abortion pills? What's your comment on that? Because that's like my favorite topic now.
STEELE: It's your favorite topic, okay, you're scaring me now, Sean.
HANNITY: It's my favorite topic because they're nuts.
STEELE: They are. They're -- they're psychotic frankly.
But they're not real women in that way in my mind, I guess. They're not desirable women. I guess I'm going to try to speak for most red-blooded American men like yourself.
At the end of the day, I do think -- and I'm not trying to be mean or insensitive, but I do think the Trump derangement syndrome has just gone off the cliff here, and there is something wrong upstairs in my mind for so many of these women who are reacting that way and the scary thing is that I think a lot of them are smart educated women who are choosing to believe these things.
And that's why the Democrats have pushed it for so long though because it has proven to work. This is the first time though to the shock and dismay of the left that it hasn't worked.
And I look at some of the demographics from this past election which is three weeks ago yesterday, hard to believe. I mean, 18 to 24-year-old women. I mean, didn't Trump win that demographic?
So, really, people have begun women, sane women have begun to do their homework and not just -- not just go for the low hanging fruit that the left is out there at them.
HANNITY: I don't know if I'm allowed to ask this question but I'm going to ask it anyway. If you're not having sex and you're pledging not to, why does the same movement need to stockpile abortion pills? I'm just asking.
STEELE: I wouldn't know. I can't comment on any of it. I'll just -- I'll just leave it.
But you know what? Let's just -- let's just agree and I think you'll agree the hypocrisy is so thick.
And, Sean, real quick, that is the one issue that the left just pounded home this entire campaign, didn't they, for the last year and a half. Why? Because they knew that they would lose on every single other issue -- issues that Americans showed on November 5th that they find to be much more important than the right to kill your baby.
HANNITY: All right. What do you make of the NFL, the Trump dance phenomenon?
By the way, Miami Dolphins on a roll, too, is playing great. Now I'm a Floridian and I'm a fan. What do you make of it?
STEELE: I know. I know. I'm -- I'm just down the road from you down here in the free state of Florida as well. I absolutely love it.
Here's the thing. I was -- I was at the UFC fight when John Bones Jones did his little dance and then came over and just was such a fan boy around Trump and Elon and Kid Rock. It was so cool to see.
And then when you look at it throughout other sports and golf and soccer. By the way, it's not just white men doing the Trump dance. It's Black men, too. These men have been in hiding for so now.
Courage is contagious. You see these guys doing it and gals, and I'm so proud of them. It's time that more and more come out. Give credit to Nick Bosa, he was the first -- one of the first ones out of the blocks.
HANNITY: My goal is to get my buddy, my friend, Stephen A. Smith, to do the dance. I'm going to -- I'm going to make that happen.
STEELE: No, that'll never happen, never.
HANNITY: All right. Sage Steele, thank you.
More "Hannity" straight ahead.
(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
HANNITY: All right. Quick reminder, I have the honor, I will be emceeing FOX Nation's Sixth Annual Patriot Awards.
Unlike like Hollywood and you know all these music stars, we actually pay tribute to the people that make this country great. A show like no other. It's going to take place Thursday, December 5th. It'll be live streaming on FOX Nation, or you can join us at the Tilles Center, Long Island University.
Tickets on sale. Just go to foxnation.com right now, and slash Patriot Awards.
That's all the time we have left. Please set your DVR so you never missed an episode.
In the meantime, let not your heart be troubled. Greg Gutfeld will put a smile on your face next. Have a great night.
Classification


Language: ENGLISH

Document-Type: BREAKING NEWS

Publication-Type: Transcript

Transcript: 112501cb.253

Subject: PUBLIC PROSECUTORS (90%); GOVERNMENT BODIES & OFFICES (89%); JUSTICE DEPARTMENTS (89%); LAW ENFORCEMENT (89%); POLITICAL PARTIES (89%); RULE OF LAW (89%); US DEMOCRATIC PARTY (89%); US FEDERAL GOVERNMENT (89%); CONSERVATISM (78%); CRIMINAL JUSTICE (78%); GOVERNMENT & PUBLIC ADMINISTRATION (78%); US REPUBLICAN PARTY (78%); CRIMINAL CONVICTIONS (77%); LIBEL & SLANDER (74%); JAIL SENTENCING (73%); INTELLIGENCE SERVICES (64%); Donald Trump (%); Democratic Party (%); DOJ (%); Government (%); Justice (%); Media (%); Politics (%)

Company:  FOX ENTERTAINMENT GROUP INC (93%)

Organization: FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION (54%)

Industry: NAICS516120 TELEVISION BROADCASTING STATIONS (93%); SIC4833 TELEVISION BROADCASTING STATIONS (93%); PUBLIC PROSECUTORS (90%)

Person: DONALD TRUMP (93%); DAN GOLDMAN (79%); JOE BIDEN (79%); KAMALA HARRIS (79%); SEAN HANNITY (79%); ZOE LOFGREN (58%)

Geographic: UNITED STATES (94%)

Load-Date: November 26, 2024


End of Document
