



Fox News FOX HANNITY 9:00 PM EST
November 8, 2024 Friday


Copyright 2024 Fox News Network LLC All Rights Reserved 
Section: NEWS; Domestic
Length: 6915 words
Byline: Sean Hannity, Charlie Hurt, Tammy Bruce, Jeanine Pirro, Jimmy Failla
Guests: Matt Towery, Robert Cahaly, Tulsi Gabbard
Body


SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: And welcome to "Hannity" this Friday night.
President-elect Donald J. Trump will be sworn in on January the 20th, 2025, but tonight, just days after winning a landslide victory, Donald Trump is already seeing big policy wins both at home and abroad. We're going to explain that in just a moment.
Plus, another big win for Donald Trump in court. Joe Biden's weaponized DOJ has vacated all remaining deadlines in the bogus case against Donald Trump. Now, for the first time, Donald Trump will take office without a federal witch hunt hopefully hovering over the administration.
Let's see how long that lasts before Democrats and Jamie Raskin and the state-run media mob want him impeached or imprisoned again. But the president-elect now has a clear mandate to govern this country. He won the Electoral College in a landslide. He won the popular vote by millions and millions of votes to spare.
And you might have noticed, the Democrats -- they are not taking it very well. We've gone from the denial stage, the shock stage into the anger stage.
On TikTok, self-proclaimed feminists, well, they are shaving their heads. I don't know why, I assume out of anger. They're vowing to punish Trump's supporters by boycotting sex and procreation and relationships and marriage.
This is something they're calling the 4B movement. I can't make this up. Viewer warning, what you're about to see is pretty disturbing. I didn't make it up. I promise. Take a look.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLKIP)
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Stop talking to men, divorce your husbands, leave your (EXPLETIVE DELETED) boyfriends, leave them. They don't give (EXPLETIVE DELETED) about you and I promise you come over to this side, I will bake cookies, I will shave your head.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: There's no way I am letting any man near me for the next few years. I've been happily single for the past four years. I can wait another four years.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: But I also have decided that for the next four years I am going to abstain from schmecks with men.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: It doesn't matter if you -- if you take away abortion like, we'll want to have your babies even less, right? Even if you take away contraception like women are really good at celibacy because you guys are actually a threat to us.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
HANNITY: You honestly can't make it up. Donald Trump is not going to have a national abortion ban. He's not going to stop IVF, and he's not going to limit access to contraception. As it turns out, many Democrats have been drinking that, you know, that Kool-Aid and actually believing all the lies, all the hysteria coming from the state-run media mob and Democrats. They believe the lies.
Now, some are even reportedly stockpiling abortion pills and hormones, which will still be available after Trump has sworn in. There is no shortage of them.
And meanwhile prestigious Ivy League schools, they are postponing exams. They are cancelling classes. They're providing students with crayons and Legos and cookies and milky you know to cope with Trump's election win.
This is madness. What happened to the land of the free, the home of the brave? We're now, what, we're now the home of -- you know, comfort pets and the home of woke, you know, lunatics that need comfort? I -- it's bizarre.
New Jersey's Governor Phil Murphy has dramatically pledged to fight to the death against Donald Trump's policies. The far-left "Guardian" newspaper is offering therapy to devastated staff members.
And last night over at "The Washington Post", a columnist, MSDNC contributor named Jennifer Rubin posting on X, quote: It is 1933. Hitler is a power no time for a bleeping seminar on Democrats messaging errors. Talk about snowflakes.
If anyone still wonders why "The Washington Post" and all of these legacy media people have lost all credibility, nobody trust them, take a look at Jennifer Rubin.
But tonight, it is official. The Democrats are definitely in disarray. Donald Trump has frankly, he has won and he has broken them, maybe beyond repair.
Now, turn on any left leading outlet, the chaos, the infighting, the hysteria through the roof. You decide. Take a look.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
PETE DOMINICK, COMEDIAN: I'm sorry but Donald Trump hates veterans. He called them suckers and losers. He did he absolutely despised them, he has his whole life he has his entire life.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I know you're super emotional. I just --
DOMINICK: Of course, I am. I'm terrified.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I'm telling --
JOE SCARBOROUGH, MSNBC HOST: Democrats never got it, that while we were looking at all of the crazy things Donald Trump was saying on the campaign, all of the frightening things Donald Trump was saying on the campaign trail, they were looking at their wallet. They were looking what groceries cost, what gas costs, what rent costs.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We are being branded as the most extreme of us. It is not only politically problematic as we just saw because none of this stuff helped the other day, without a doubt, it's a problem. But we need to take stock of why we are being held hostage to the far left.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: In my view, there was an over listening to and an over lifting up of people who left Trump, not people who left the Democratic Party. The people who left the Democratic Party are the people who are going to, you know, win in the future. The people who left Trump, the never Trumpers who have important voices and have, that is not the winning coalition.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
HANNITY: Liberal Joe, can you go back and maybe watch your own show and listen to the things you were saying. You're as guilty of the very thing you're saying the liberals and Democrats are guilty of.
Now, the co-host of that hard-hitting news show "The View", they're having a very hard time processing Donald Trump's win as they try to figure out just how many racists are lurking in the shadows. Take a look.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: The bigger question should be, yes, Sunny, why did they vote for him?
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: In sweeping --
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We need to be introspective.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: No, we need to be introspective. If we voted for Kamala Harris, we need to say, what didn't resonate with the voters? You know what didn't resonate with the voters when they were saying we don't feel safe and the left focus on defund the police and bail reform.
They also denied the border was a crisis and kept saying no, no, no, it's fine. This is not a --
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: There was a border bill though. There was a border bill.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: But, Joy, my point is they screamed and screamed and screamed they didn't vote for him because he's a racist or a misogynist. They voted because they needed help in their everyday lives. The majority of this country because every stat coming out on the people willing to self-reflect are showing these --
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Oh, wait, they're going to say, I'm a racist and a misogynist in the exit poll, I don't think so.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: You really think 74 million people are racist.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Hey, guys, no excuses this time. They lost everything.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: There's still half of the country who doesn't agree with him.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: The environment to be ravaged, it's children to be shot, it's wealth to be hoarded, it's workers to be exploited, it's poor to starve, it's cops to murder.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: So, you think America is the problem?
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: The country in prob -- in trouble.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
HANNITY: If we played any more of that, I'd have to give free extra strength Excedrin to every one of you out there watching. Believe it or not, it actually gets worse.
According to reports, Biden's staff and Kamala's staff, they've all turned on on each other, blaming each other, making for a very awkward last few months.
And meanwhile, former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg just wrote an op-ed criticizing Democrats for hiding Joe Biden's mental decline.
I have a question for the former mayor. Mr. Bloomberg, we on this program were reporting on this in 2020 before Joe went to Washington. Don't you think you're a little late, just a little?
And get this apparently, Democrats are now, you know, sparring over whether you know the leftwing Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor should be forced out of office off the Supreme Court before Trump is sworn in so Biden can pick a replacement and some are even floating Kamala Harris for that position. Can't make this up either. Take a look.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I hope that Joe Biden makes the next weeks as consequential as he can um I don't care about drawing outside the lines what Republicans may think about it this is within your purview. You can actually do it and you should do it.
And you know, one more thing, John, is you have a hell of a vice president right there who has a legal pedigree to sit on the Supreme Court and let Republicans go crazy and -- I'm even mentioning that option.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Are you floating -- are you floating this? You know, 7:39 a.m. on the East Coast, did Bakari Sellers just float Vice President Kamala Harris as a potential Supreme Court nominee.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Not only am I floating it, but I want to stir up everything. I want people's heads to explode this morning so we go into the weekend just knowing that the chaos has not ended just yet.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
HANNITY: I have a sad prediction. This is not only not going to stop, it's going to get worse. The panic for them is real. It is not a good time to be on the left, and whether they realize it or not, the Democratic Party, the deep state, Washington bureaucracy, the state run media mob are all facing a reckoning, as President Donald J. Trump can sit back, watch them implode without any need for retribution which they claim he's going to be doing.
He's not. The American people no longer care what legacy media, what Hollywood, what Obama, what celebrities have to say. Why? Because they have zero influence.
Legacy media, celebrity influence is completely dead otherwise this election would have turned out very differently because they spoke in one voice, they told the same lies, they had the same hysteria, the same propaganda, misinformation, the same smearing, lying, besmirchment.
Donald Trump's ultimate revenge will be success for every American, slashing regulations, decentralizing the federal government, cutting out waste, fraud and abuse, flushing out corrupt actors. They have to go people that are weaponized and destroyed the greatest law enforcement agency the world has ever known, the greatest intel community the world has ever known. They got to be cleaned up.
Ending partisanship, ending a weaponized DOJ, ending lawfare ending woke DEI policies, fixing the crisis created by the Biden administration, securing our border, bringing down the cost of living for every American, and driving up energy production, stop forcing us to get a certain stove and refrigerator and putting a car in our driveway that maybe people want or don't want. If you want, go buy a Tesla.
Peace through strength will be brought back. That will help bring stability to the world and in just a little over two months, Donald Trump can finally hit the ground running.
Here with reaction FOX News contributors Charlie Hurt and Tammy Bruce.
Tammy, let's get your overall take.
TAMMY BRUCE, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Look, you've got a great head of hair. We don't want you shaving your head. Thank God that never happened. The good news is, I -- you know, at least with what the women are doing it's going to save men and some women a lot of time because now you can see them coming, right? They're going to have the shaved heads, they're going to wear their t-shirts and everything will be purple. You just don't know what's going on.
But this is about them making it about themselves. They -- what they -- it's really an existential identity crisis because -- and there's a realization with these number, Sean, with this popular vote that no, not everyone in the country is an evil monster, and they had pretended that that was the case, and now there's nowhere to go, they don't know what to think and God forbid should they think that they were wrong.
And you know, I'm a little troubled because these are people who continued with the awful rhetoric, despite the fact that President Trump had already been shot in the face. The nature of what they were willing to do to the country we cannot forget, but the way to rectify it is in fact to change what's happened in Washington, deal with the agencies, deal with yes, the FBI, and the -- you know, the intelligence community, and make it impossible to go forward again and do all of this because it's attracted people who believe that they are allowed to do this.
So I think the American people in watching what it's the leftist elite, right? The response was that the celebrities were as disconnected and out of touch with our lives the average person's life as everyone else in Washington and we understood at that point that we really did not matter to them in any way, shape or form. So this is now -- it was a statement that we've really never seen before that Trump was blunt, he described everything he wanted to do and the country screamed, yes, and that now is undeniable.
We must maintain that enthusiasm. I know President Trump and his team understand that they've got only four years that must be a bullet train on all the issues. Congress must it -- we not back to the same games, we already have -- you know, the international scene to some degree, NATO, yes, you know, New York, people are already adjusting themselves. One group of migrants coming up to the border has broken up.
So, it's -- you know, what it is, Sean, daddy's home. Daddy is home and everybody else is Bueller thinking they've got to get their act together and they do.
HANNITY: Wait a minute, I thought America was going to vote for a mamala. Was Drew Barrymore wrong?
BRUCE: No, no, yeah, look, you know who voted for Donald Trump? Moms, that's where the mamalas were. It was the average woman in this country, all ethnicities, all, you know, sexual orientations, everybody who's got a family to worry about, to care for. There were millions of mamalas who said, daddy's coming back, and that's what they've wanted, and that's what they're going to get, and it's going to be glorious.
HANNITY: I think it's kind of simple. I think people want our border secure. They want the cartels gone, the murderers, the rapists, the other violent criminals, the gang members gone. I think they want lower prices when they fill up their tank, lower prices at the grocery store. I think they would like law and order and safety and security, and I think they'd like the world to be a safer place, Charlie Hurt. I really don't think it's that complicated.
CHARLIE HURT, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Yeah, and I think that -- I think the people that want exactly what you just said are more than just the people who voted for Donald Trump because the entire Democrat campaign was -- based on hatred of Donald Trump but the real problem and I don't hear any Democrats grappling with the real problem they face, and it's not just that they just lost this election and they lost the popular vote. It's that if you took a like a blind taste test and gave it to all the Democrats who voted for Kamala Harris because they hated Donald Trump.
And just put those issues you just listed in front of them, again, a blind taste test, you remove Donald Trump's name from it and you offered them the agenda you just laid out, and the agenda that Donald Trump ran on, the same agenda he ran on in 2016, you would probably pick up about 40 percent of Democrat voters because you're exactly right what they want is very basic simple stuff.
And this agenda, it's not a conservative agenda. It's a common sense agenda and that's why when -- you know, the real troubling thing for Democrats is not just that there was this wave of red states on the map right now, and the fact that the entire blue wall turned red, the real problem for them is that Donald Trump swung places like California and New York 12 points in his direction despite their campaign of hatred calling him Hitler and all this stuff, and across the entire country.
You can't find -- I think there might be one or two states that didn't move dramatically towards Trump and it's all based on those issues. They have -- they lost the election but they lost on the issues 10 times worse than they did on the election, and I don't hear anyone with the exception of what Jen Psaki said in that montage. By the way, you owe me and you owe Americans like a free drink for having to listen to that entire montage, but the only person in it who sounded like she was sort of realizing what's going on was Jen Psaki.
BRUCE: Too late.
HANNITY: "The View" was particularly rough. I'm not going to lie.
Anyway, Tammy, Charlie, thank you both.
All right. We now turn and take a closer look at how so many of America's major polling organizations got it wrong so often.
Remember, Des Moines, Iowa, state -- "The Des Moines Register" state poll, yeah, they were off by points in Kamala's favor. Oh, it was being touted as, oh, she's one of the most trusted pollsters. NPR, Marist, had Kamala winning the popular vote by four points, a seven-point failure. Marist showing Kamala winning by two in Pennsylvania, a four-point spread, Kamala's favor.
Frankly, most polling companies should be ashamed of themselves, that they got it wrong again. Two guys that got it right in `16 and `20 and `2024 were our pollsters Matt Towery and Robert Cahaly. Take a look at your screen.
Matt Towery, Insider Advantage, deadly accurate. A polling difference of around one point or less in five key battleground states. Meanwhile, Robert Cahaly, Trafalgar, was also spot on four battleground states off by a single point or less. Well done.
Robert Cahaly, Matt Towery join us now with more.
Matt, you guys got it right three times in a row, the presidential race. Everybody was kind of off in 2022, but it was post-COVID, post-Roe v. Wade, it was kind of a hard year to poll. But you got the last three presidential elections dead on accurate. And my -- and I remember Nate Silver and we put it up the last time you were on actually appraised you guys but he doesn't mention you guys anymore. Why is that?
MATT TOWERY, POLLSTER: Well -- well, first of all, Hannity, I've known you since 1992 and I want to thank you for sticking with me and with Robert. Not only you're a dear friend, but we been a great colleague through all this stuff.
But we've been treated like the garbage men of pollsters. When they write about the polling from these various, you know, expert groups they say, the quality "New York Times" poll, the quality Ann Selzer poll, we're never considered the quality. Decision desks won't use our polling because it's not up to their standards.
Well, guess what? Three times in a row, we've gotten this thing closer than anybody else and Robert has done a fantastic job. But the one thing I want to mention is, we caught the turnaround in this race after the second assassination attempt of Donald Trump, and that was never noted by anyone. We talked about it on your show over and over again, that's when the turnaround started.
And so, people I read today -- well, nobody got the trend right, that Trump was going to win. We started talking about that trend a month and a half ago. And so, it wasn't hard to see.
Now, it's hard to poll and I think Nate said we were herders because we were all sticking to like one or two points. Well, Pennsylvania was basically one, one and a half points. So if you're right, you're right. But we knew who was going to win and we said -- we told it to your own viewers just the other night. We told them where we thought this race was headed, and Robert did a fantastic job.
HANNITY: Robert, what's your take on it?
ROBERT CAHALY, POLLSTER: Well, I mean, the first thing, I'm still trying to find these hidden Kamala voters. I don't -- I don't know where they are, maybe they're confused about where the polls are, maybe they next week --
HANNITY: But Matt's going to be looking for a golf ball at a very famous golf course soon and he's not going to be able to find it.
(CROSSTALK)
TOWERY: Oh, no, no.
HANNITY: I'm sorry, Robert. Go ahead.
CAHALY: But the fact is, no, the fact is -- is this -- this -- you know, they have all this polling orthodoxy and their -- their little clubs and all the little groups and there's no accountability. And the fact is nothing is going to change, they're going to still call these the quality pollsters. They're going to still do everything different because I've always said you there a poll has one of two purposes, it is designed to reflect the electorate or it is designed to affect the electorate.
And you look at what that Ann Selzer poll did at the last minute. It gave the whole country, all the Trump people heartburn. It gave all the other side they got so excited, and I mean, even the prognosticators did a tick up for Harris in the last day. It was all nonsense based on something else.
That was not reflecting the electorate. That was designed to affect it and until they're outed for this, their error rates prove their wrong and prove their purpose. A rate is how we're judged and they will fail.
HANNITY: I want to thank you both, congratulate you both. That is three presidential elections in a low -- in a row. Maybe Nate Silver should do an article about Matt Towery, Insider Advantage, Trafalgar, Robert Cahaly were right again. Don't hold your breath though guys.
(CROSSTALK)
HANNITY: Matt, I wish you the best of luck. Robert, I wish you the best of luck finding the hidden Kamala voters and, Matt, good luck finding that golf ball, or maybe the third or fourth one.
TOWERY: Thanks, Hannity, you really helped me out on that.
HANNITY: You might have to go swimming for it.
When we come back, the left's lawfare against Donald Trump crumbles before their very eyes. The great Judge Jeanine Pirro is next.
And Joe Rogan urges President-elect Donald Trump not to attack his critics in this his second term. I'll tell you my take and much more. Thanks for being with us this Friday night.
(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
(NEWSBREAK)
HANNITY: All right. The left wing, their lawfare against Donald Trump is crumbling. The judge in the politically motivated D.C. election interference case paused all proceedings as the special counsel Jack Smith weighs the future of his case and House Judiciary Committee Chairman Jim Jordan, he's demanding that Jack Smith preserve all records related to his Trump prosecutions.
Meanwhile, Joe Rogan is urging Donald Trump not to attack his critics in his second term and let them talk, you know, all their bleep. He's not wrong. While urging Trump to unite the country after his landslide victory on Tuesday which is what he did on Tuesday night.
According to a new report, the FBI brass are, quote, stunned and shell- shocked over Donald Trump's win. And unable to stop the fear-mongering, all former intelligence officials are now claiming they are worried that Donald Trump will try to politicize and weaponize the CIA. That's rich.
Anyway, here's my take: throughout the campaign, Donald Trump repeatedly said, my revenge will be all of our success. Let's be successful.
And sticking to that I think will be great for the country. He is currently position for great success. He will secure the border. He intends to wipe out the deep state, kick out political operatives in these agencies, lessen the bureaucracy, the size, the scope, the influence of government, have more freedom for American -- the American people. But he also should resist any call temptation to get back at people that abuse their power to go after him.
Would you want him to do what they did to him? Eric Trump actually told "The Daily Mail" that his father, quote, would want nothing to do with prosecuting Hunter Biden or Hillary Clinton. He doesn't give a damn. He wants these games to end.
During one of my interviews with President Trump, I asked him about this very question. He gave me an answer, I'll only be a dictator for one day, typical Donald Trump, and that was used by Democrats, taken completely out of context.
So let's play the full question and answer and you decide.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
HANNITY: The media has been focused on this and attacking you under no circumstances. You are promising America tonight you would never abuse power as retribution against anybody.
DONALD TRUMP, PRESIDENT-ELECT OF THE UNITED STATES: Except for day one.
HANNITY: Except --
TRUMP: He's going crazy. Except for day one.
HANNITY: Meaning?
TRUMP: I want to close the border and I want to drill, drill, drill.
HANNITY: That's not -- that's not retribution.
TRUMP: I'm going to be -- I'm going to be -- you know, he keeps -- we love this guy. He says you're not going to be a dictator, are you? I said, no, no, no, other than day one. We're closing the border and we're drilling, drilling, drilling. After that, I'm not a dictator.
HANNITY: That sounds to me like you're going back to the policies when you were president.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
HANNITY: By the way, you could tell he was laughing.
Here with reaction, co-host of the hit show "The Five," our friend Judge Jeanine Pirro.
You know what's amazing, you know him well, we have both known him for 30, whatever many years, and you know, he was joking but he's saying, yes, day one, for one day, I'm going to fix the border, be energy independent.
Every Democrat, Kamala Harris, Tim Walz, Obama, he says he's going to be a dictator. They were flat out lying, taking it out of context, but it didn't work, Judge, did it?
JEANINE PIRRO, CO-HOST OF "THE FIVE": No, it didn't work because the American people are smarter than that.
Look, the left had nothing to run on other than Donald Trump is this horrible human being. He's -- he's Hitler and he's -- he's -- you know, he's a fascist. But then when they started coming after the rest of us and said, well, we're MAGA extremists, and we're semi-fascists and we're garbage, and you know, we're deplorable, and we cling to god and guns. I do religiously and I'm thrilled.
Once the American people saw through that, they knew the president was right when he said, they're really coming for you. I'm just in the way and what the president has an opportunity to do is exactly what he did in 2016. Sean, I went back and looked at the president's acceptance speech in 2016, do you know how much time he spent congratulating Hillary Clinton for her years of work for the American people that we owe a major debt of gratitude, and he went on and on. He never indicted her, he never went after her. That's not who he is, and when the left now is standing up and they're saying, we're going to resist President Trump, will you go right ahead and do that you fools?
Because this president won the popular vote, he's got a mandate from the electoral college, and this president has an obligation, Sean, to take down those institutions that have been politicized whether, it is the FBI, the intelligence agencies, the CIA, he's got an obligation to return them to the non-political nature that they are supposed to be. And that's what America wants. They don't want retribution.
Donald Trump, President Donald Trump doesn't do that kind of thing. He wants success. That's why we have Elon Musk. He -- RFK is going to make us healthy again, and Tulsi Gabbard, all of these people are about working for Americans.
And I am so sick of the left and all their nonsense and they -- the fact that they're not as self- introspective to realize they lost because they lied, they try to take him down politically, financially, emotionally, and they tried to kill him twice. I don't know if it was -- I don't know who it was.
But you know what? Enough. This president has earned the right to run this country the way the American people expect him to run it.
HANNITY: I can't say it any better but you're right about one thing, I would like to see the FBI return to its former greatness. I would like American intelligence agencies to be the envy of the world, not weaponized, not politicized, not -- no fake FISA warrants, no 51 intel officials.
I want the Department of Justice -- I would never want what has happened to him, abusing power the way they did, and weaponizing that department to ever be done to anybody ever again. That will mean that you have to clean out those agencies.
PIRRO: He has to.
HANNITY: These operatives that are political when they have a job to do which is to uphold the Constitution, the rule of law and that's all he -- he's -- that's all I want you want and we know he wants.
PIRRO: And my understanding is everyone in the FBI who is above a GS-14 level is scared to death, as well they should be. The FBI should not be going after parents and calling them domestic terrorists. They should not be going after Catholics and pro-lifers. Their job is not to indict a president of the United States through this Crossfire Hurricane and lied to courts the way they did with a Jim Comey unverified affidavits.
And then you've got the so-called intelligence community that lies and calls what is ultimately exhibit one in a United States case against Hunter Biden. They call it Russian disinformation. They lied. We know they lied and it's time for this president to return America back to the institutions that our Founding Fathers believed in.
HANNITY: Judge, we'll see you down in Florida often. We appreciate you being on the show.
When we come back, Democrats are suddenly walking back their liberal policies ahead of a second Trump term. Huh, wonder why. We'll get reaction, Tulsi Gabbard is next, straight ahead.
(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
HANNITY: Donald Trump was elected president only a couple of days ago but his massive victory is already starting to improve things both here at home and abroad. Now New York city Mayor Eric Adams announced this week that the city will no longer be giving -- giving out these free preloaded debit cards to unvetted Harris-Biden illegal immigrants. Now that's after this the city spent more than $50 million on that program alone. They spent about $7 billion total on illegals.
Now, multiple Democrats have already publicly admitted the party should no longer support allowing biological men to compete in women's sports. The CEO of the fashion company Steve Madden announced plans to severely cut down on sourcing products from China, instead moving production to friendlier countries closer to the U.S., countries like Mexico and Brazil hopefully also home.
All of this happened in less than four days after Donald Trump was projected the winner of the election and became the president-elect.
Now, imagine where we will be, you know, after four years of him back in office.
Joining us now, she is the co-chair of President Trump's transition team, Tulsi Gabbard.
Will you think about going into the administration? I think you are a phenomenal asset in so many ways that people that I know, that people may not know, and I've got to imagine that there is a position in this administration for you. Are you interested?
TULSI GABBARD, CO-CHAIR, TRUMP'S TRANSITION TEAM: This is up to President Trump. Obviously, he's looking to assemble a team right now. If he asks me to serve in a position where I feel I can be effective to help him carry out his objectives, of course, I'd be honored to do that.
HANNITY: Let me ask you about we were lie -- women were lied to about abortion on a whole -- in a whole variety of ways. Old people were lied about Donald Trump taking away Social Security and Medicare.
The Harris-Walz ticket supported gender affirming care for minors without parental consent. They support sex change operation and amnesty for illegal immigrants and then they say they care about women's rights but they were completely silent on all of the women that the dozens of them that were murdered by their unvetted illegal immigrants, the dozens that were raped by those people or accused of it. They don't seem to care about the hundreds of Americans victims of violent crimes by unvetted illegal immigrants.
How big -- how important were these topics to voters in your view -- how big an impact did it have on this race?
GABBARD: Yeah, Sean, that's one of the things that really gave me hope in seeing the results of this election is the American people -- the vast majority of the American people didn't fall for the lies and the propaganda that they were pushing out and they saw through them. They saw that in Kamala Harris and in the Democrat elite and those who were backing and propping her up and the propaganda media and big tech and so forth, they saw that these are people who don't really care about the American people, that Kamala Harris was saying things that she thought would convince voters to support her.
Whereas when you look at President Trump, you know, throughout the campaign, he delivered the same message everywhere he went, regardless of the demographic of people that he was talking to. He wasn't trying to curate his message to tell people just what he thought they wanted to hear, and he was addressing very real issues that the American people are most concerned about.
And so, in the result of this election, we saw, of course, a vast majority of Americans placing their trust and confidence in President Trump, delivering a mandate and rejecting Kamala Harris -- Kamala Harris's agenda of open borders of censorship, of free speech, of freedom of religion, of crime in our communities. Her agenda of continuing to wage stupid, costly and unnecessary wars that are counterproductive to the interests of the American people and instead embraced President Trump's vision and promise, rejecting the neocons and war mongers of Washington, promising to end wars and prevent World War III and nuclear war, you know, bring our economy back to life, lower the cost of living and make life better for the American people.
So this is a clear mandate that the American people have delivered in this election and I hope these entrenched politicians in Washington are paying attention or they will see themselves potentially in the next election without a job.
HANNITY: Tulsi, thanks for all you've done in this whole, you know, campaign. You've been amazing. I appreciate it.
When we come back liberals, they continue to lose their minds over Donald Trump's landslide victory. We're going to play you the worst meltdowns and Joe Biden is set for a very awkward White House meeting with President- elect Trump. Jimmy Failla in his very unique way will give us his take, straight ahead.
(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
HANNITY: All right. This week, we saw the worst or maybe I should say the best meltdowns from the left over Donald Trump winning back the presidency. Celebrities, the media mob, Trump derangement syndrome has only got a lot worse. You decide.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Donald Trump has won the state of Wisconsin, which means he is the winner of this race. For so many of you watching right now, that news is -- to say the least -- a lot to digest.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Well, (EXPLETIVE DELETED). It happened again.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I can't help but wonder if the American people have given up on democracy.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Snap out of it, but I'm -- I'm -- I'm -- I'm in a very, very dark tunnel right now.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: What is wrong with this country that they would choose a message of divisiveness, of xenophobia, of racism, of misogyny.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It was a terrible night for women, for children, for the hundreds of thousands of hardworking immigrants who make this country go, for health care, for our climate.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
HANNITY: On election night, Madonna mourning Harris's defeat with an F Trump cake that she shared on Instagram.
Now many of these Hollywood liberals have vowed they will leave the U.S. after Donald Trump's victory, just like they kind of promised back in 2016. We have the full list. We won't show you tonight, but will they actually follow through on this, this time?
Plus, some liberal women on social media vowed to swear off all men. It is part of the 4B movement, and that means no sex, no dating, no marriage, maybe divorcing your husband and no children.
Here to talk about it, "FOX News Saturday Night" host, I'm afraid to even go here with you. I am really afraid to go here.
Well, first of all, I have a message, before I get to your -- don't let the -- don't let the door hit you in the ass on the way out. Number two, I will pay for a private plane for all these crazy people to leave with the -- but they've got a promise that they can't never come back and if they do, they pay me a 100 times what I paid for the plane. Fair deal?
JIMMY FAILLA, HOST OF "FOX NEWS SATURDAY NIGHT": That's a good racket. No one's going to take you up on it. You know that.
First of all, thank you for playing that montage. I'm giving that to my family for Christmas because it was the greatest thing in the world. You know how wonderful that was and the Madonna cake, it was great. The Madonna cake, I will say this, it's nice to see Madonna eating something besides pills. So the cake was actually progress because she's been a hot mess.
And, Sean, hold on because you teed up that whole --
HANNITY: I am not responsible for the next lawsuit you bring here. Go ahead.
FAILLA: No, you leave me out of this. There's no expectation of me behaving. I host the Saturday night show. You're the face of the franchise, okay? I'm just the guy who sneaks past security.
HANNITY: Oh, no, not me.
FAILLA: But those women doing -- those women doing the South Korean sex strike, I don't know if you saw these women, but believe me they weren't having sex with anyone anyway. That's the idea, okay, that they're blaming this on the election. I'm telling you because I care, man. And I can tell that joke.
Listen, I can tell that joke because women were refusing to hook up with me long before Trump won the presidency. Look at this haircut, come on, man. They're all knocks.
HANNITY: You know, by the way, this is one thing that infuriates me. You know, the comics I like the most -- do you -- don't you love Dave Chappelle?
FAILLA: Oh, it's great.
HANNITY: Smart, funny, irreverent, politically incorrect. Chris Rock, same thing, you know?
I -- if you don't want comedy, then you don't have to go to a comedy show or listen to a comedian. I mean, I can't understand why the left is so easily offended. Do you get it? I don't get it.
FAILLA: No, what's amazing about Kimmel getting offended so easily is he's a guy who wore black face on the man show. You'd think this guy -- I mean, really --
HANNITY: He put a cucumber inside his pants and asked strangers to touch it, too.
FAILLA: Well, listen, I'm not going to judge --
HANNITY: That video --
FAILLA: I'm not going to judge him for that when I was -- I'm kidding, I'm kidding. But let me explain this to you, okay? The reason I don't --
HANNITY: What am I going to do with you?
FAILLA: Yeah, we're going to be fine. The reason I don't beg on Kimmel and Colbert is because if they didn't suck so bad, me and Gutfeld wouldn't be so successful, okay? That is the reality.
HANNITY: That's true. That's true actually.
FAILLA: They had a 4--year head start in late night and then Greg came along and became the king of late night on the -- yes, on the weekends, I'm like the Rodney King of late night, you know? I get beat up a little bit but it's a good gig, everybody knows what's going on over here, so I'm not complaining.
So I want to thank them for sucking but they're failing their audience because comedy is supposed to make you feel better about life, not feel worse because half of the country doesn't agree with you. That's where Colbert's an embarrassment.
HANNITY: It -- they're not funny and the official countdown clock to their cancellation has begun not because of Donald Trump it's because nobody watches them anymore and why? Because they're not funny. You on this segment were funnier than they have been combined in the last four years.
FAILLA: Oh, man, well, if you keep talking --
HANNITY: I mean, it's pathetic. They're not --
FAILLA: I know, but if you keep talking --
HANNITY: You and Greg are funny.
FAILLA: Yeah, we're doing great but if you keep -- if you keep complimenting me on the air, I'm going to have to give my drug dealer a raise. So let's rein it in a little bit. I can't.
HANNITY: What -- what -- whatever. I don't know what I'm going to do. What I'm going to with you.
All right. Jimmy Failla, thank you.
More "Hannity" straight ahead.
(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
HANNITY: All right. On a personal note, I want to say thank you. Thank you to all of you that took the time to be informed voters, to go out, some of you didn't love voting early but you did it anyway. It made a big, big difference. Those of you that waited online for hours on election day, I really believe you made the difference, and I'm grateful to every one of you. Thank you so much.
All right. That's all the time we have left this evening. As always, thank you for being with us. Thank you for making this show possible.
Please set your DVR so you never, ever, ever, ever, ever miss an episode of "Hannity". News anytime, every time, all the time, foxnews.com, hannity.com.
And in the meantime, let not your heart be troubled. Greg Gutfeld standing by to put a big, big election smile win on your face. Have a great weekend.
Classification


Language: ENGLISH

Document-Type: Show

Publication-Type: Transcript

Transcript: 110801cb.253

Subject: TRUMP'S FIRST 100 DAYS (90%); ABORTION REGULATION & POLICY (78%); FEMINISM & WOMEN'S RIGHTS (78%); POPULAR VOTE (78%); CHILDREN, ADOLESCENTS & TEENS (77%); NEGATIVE MISC NEWS (76%); NEGATIVE NEWS (76%); BOYCOTTS (73%); VOTERS & VOTING (73%); MARRIAGE (69%); ABORTION (63%); REPRODUCTIVE TECHNOLOGY (63%); Donald Trump (%); Government (%); Policies (%); Politics (%)

Company:  FOX ENTERTAINMENT GROUP INC (91%)

Industry: NAICS516120 TELEVISION BROADCASTING STATIONS (91%); SIC4833 TELEVISION BROADCASTING STATIONS (91%); ABORTION REGULATION & POLICY (78%); REPRODUCTIVE TECHNOLOGY (63%)

Person: DONALD TRUMP (94%); JAMIE RASKIN (79%); JOE BIDEN (79%); SEAN HANNITY (79%)

Load-Date: November 9, 2024


End of Document
