



Fox News FOX HANNITY 9:00 PM EST
November 13, 2024 Wednesday


Copyright 2024 Fox News Network LLC All Rights Reserved 
Section: NEWS; Domestic
Length: 7160 words
Byline: Sean Hannity
Guests: Lara Trump, Lindsey Graham, Mike Johnson, Vivek Ramaswamy, Jillian Michaels
Body


SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: And welcome to "Hannity".
And tonight, we are at the end of another huge day for the incoming Trump administration. The brand new Department of Government Efficiency is in full gear with Elon Musk and Vivek Ramaswamy leading the way. Coming up, Vivek will join us. He will be here for an exclusive interview.
Also, House Speaker Mike Johnson will be here after a big endorsement from President Trump and unanimous support from house of Republicans who just renominated him as speaker. We're also going to show you the president- elect's triumphant return to the White House.
But, first, more huge nominations are now rocking the Washington swamp. Breaking only moments ago, we learn that Florida senator, my senator, Marco Rubio, has officially been picked for secretary of state.
Meanwhile, former Democratic congresswoman turned Republican, Tulsi Gabbard, was nominated as the director of national intelligence and the third pick of the day is causing a bit of let's call collective radical left-wing meltdown among elites in Washington. On Truth Social, President Trump announced that Florida Congressman Matt Gaetz has been tapped to serve as the next U.S. attorney general, the head of the DOJ.
Now, Matt Gaetz is a lawyer, four-term congressman, longtime ally of Donald Trump who aggressively helped expose political weaponization at the DOJ of Harris and Biden. So, naturally, the pearl clutching, breathless hysteria on the left has been non-stop. It's gotten bad. Take a look.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Well, Katie, I've gotten two different texts from different people at the Justice Department who just use the word insane to respond potential appointment.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Heads are also exploding at the Justice Department because this goes against the kind of candidate Republican or Democrat that that DOJ sees as an appropriate candidate.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: And this is making everyone's head explode right now and we're all watching it unfold in real time. And I'm sure we'll have a lot more opinions on that.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Matt Gaetz has no experience that would lend itself towards running the Department of Justice and everything that's involved there.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: President Trump is going to hit the Justice Department with a blowtorch and Matt Gaetz is that torch.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We are in pure George Orwell 1984 land where, you know, they say black is white and we're supposed to believe it.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
HANNITY: So, Merrick Garland and Obama's wingman Eric Holder are fine and the guy who along with Congressman Jim Jordan was fighting tooth and nail to stop lawfare and the weaponization of the DOJ is being opposed by the very people that were either complicit or just downright silent. They're now outraged.
My question to everyone tonight where was the righteous indignation over Obama's wingmen Eric Holder, you know, the guy that vowed to -- you know, when you're -- when you're -- when they go low, you kick `em.
You might recall this, take a look.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
ERIC HOLDER, FORMER ATTORNEY GENERAL: Michelle Obama, I love her, you know, she and my wife like really tight which always scares me and Barack. But Michelle says that you know when they go low, we go high.
No, no. When they go low, we kick `em.
That's what -- that's what this new Democratic Party is about.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
HANNITY: Obama's A.G. wingman, Eric Holder, of course, that's nothing compared to his actions in office. Where was the outrage over Holder's -- remember the Mexican gun running scheme that led to the murder of a U.S. Border Patrol agent? Where was the hysteria over Holder's secret federal surveillance of reporters at the A.P., oh, and the FOX News Channel. That seems awfully relevant to the legacy media, right?
Did anyone in the state-run media mob, did they ever speak out against the FISA abuse, the weaponization of justice against Donald Trump, from 2016 on? What about the DOJ's witch hunt based on, let's see, Russian disinformation that was bought and paid for by Hillary Clinton. That was the basis of those FISA warrants.
You know, that dirty Russian disinformation dossier that was used as the bulk of information to secure four FISA warrant applications to spy on candidate Trump, his transition team and President Trump.
Did anyone at the state-run legacy media mob ever condemn this ever? No, the opposite occurred. They peddle these lies and conspiracy theories for three years.
By the way, no wonder, they've had no impact in this last election cycle. No wonder Americans do not and should not trust them. Did any Democrats or legacy media people lose sleep over the documented widespread anti-Trump bias at the DOJ the FBI, where was the moral panic over the scheme to pre- bunked what was the very truth Hunter Biden laptop story.
We had 51 former intel officials never had to explain a thing. They never examined Hunter's laptop. They never saw Hunter's laptop. They didn't know a thing about Hunter's laptop, but they all in unison were proclaiming looks like Russian disinformation only a few weeks before an election that according to poll's had an impact on the outcome of the 2020 election.
Were they ever held accountable? No. To this day, does anyone in the media mob care that it was wink and Tony Blinken that organized the disinformation campaign of the 51 former intel officials? No.
What about the unequal system of justice. Let's see, wasn't Mar-a-Lago raided over the issue of top secret classified documents. But didn't Joe Biden and Hillary Clinton -- didn't they just get a little polite talking to after having troves of top secret classified document in Joe's case in four separate locations and Hillary Clinton. Why -- why were their homes raided? Does that seem like equal justice under the law?
How come Hillary Clinton can destroy 33,000 subpoenaed emails, we'd never heard of it before, with Bleach Bit and then destroyed devices with hammers and remove SIM cards and nobody in the Democratic Party, not one person, nobody in the legacy media mob, they never -- they never cared a whit, they didn't care at all. They hit it. They defended it.
Anyone on the left concerned that a former president -- current presidential candidate got hit with 34 stacked felony charges based on this ridiculous novel legal theory after the statute of limitations were long passed brought by a left-wing attorney general who campaigned on getting Donald Trump? Did they ever speak out about that?
What about Catholics and angry parents that show up at school board meetings that were labeled extremists and terrorists or potential terrorists? Why were they -- why were peaceful pro-life protesters, why would they targeted?
Over the past decade, we have witnessed spying, censorship, lawfare, corruption, intimidation, extreme political bias, all from the Harris-Biden DOJ and, of course, you got James Comey, you had the whole Mueller investigation, three long years, Russia, Russia, Russia, the state-run media mob. They're now only worried about Matt Gaetz.
This is feign, selective, moral outrage and frankly it's ridiculous. Now, for years, the DOJ and the FBI and the Washington field office have been totally completely out of control. We have been chronicling this regularly. They have had a get Trump by any means necessary mentality, and the American people eight days ago, you saw through all of it.
You didn't listen to the media, the celebrity endorsements, the people putting on the concerts for Kamala Harris because they have no impact. They have -- they have so overreached so often, people are sick of it. And now, they've completely lost the trust of more than half of the country and now change is coming to Washington, change that was promised.
And despite his time in Congress, Gaetz is not a Washington insider. Nobody would call him that. He is not well-liked by the city swamp creatures that might be a plus of my book. But does he have an unyielding fearless ability to disrupt the status quo, whether you agree or disagree, and this is exactly why he became Donald Trump's pick for attorney general.
Again, this is not business as usual. After last week's election, Donald Trump has a mandate to reform what I call these once great institutions to end once and for all the weaponization of justice in America, to restore principles that I and so many of you hold near and dear to your heart, equal justice under the law, equal application of our laws, flush out the political bias that the DOJ, the FBI and our -- in our intelligence community restore these departments, these agencies to their original missions, not -- not political and their former greatness.
The FBI used to be formerly one of the great the greatest law enforcement agency on earth. Our intelligence community, the greatest on earth. We've got to get them back to where they were.
Now, conservative -- as conservatives, we deeply believe in these principles and what has been done to Donald Trump over nine years and to Republicans can and should never ever, ever happen to any American, Democrat or Republican, ever again. In other words, Republicans they must pledge to never do to Democrats what was done to them and what was done to Donald Trump and what was done to Trump allies.
And today, after years of lawfare and two attempts on his life and non-stop media outrage and comparisons to Hitler and Stalin and Mussolini, Donald Trump returned to the White House for a meeting with Joe Biden in what could be a sign of things to come, the meeting apparently went very well. Joe Biden was all smiles as the 45th, 46th and 47th president exchanged kind words. Take a look.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JOE BIDEN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Well, Mr. President-Elect and former president --
DONALD TRUMP, PRESIDENT-ELECT OF THE UNITED STATES: Thank you very much, Joe.
BIDEN: -- and -- Donald, congratulations.
TRUMP: Thank you very much.
BIDEN: And looking forward to having a, like we said, smooth transition -- do everything we can to make sure you're accommodated, what you need. And we're going to get a chance to talk about some of that today. So --
TRUMP: Good.
BIDEN: -- welcome. Welcome back.
TRUMP: Thank you very much. And thank you very much.
And politics is tough. And it's, many cases, not a very nice world, but it is a nice world today. And I appreciate it very much -- a transition that's so smooth it'll be as smooth as it can get.
And I very much appreciate that, Joe.
BIDEN: You're welcome.
Thank you all.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
HANNITY: President Trump told "The New York Post" that Biden was very gracious that it was very enjoyable, the meeting, and based on White House pictures, Joe and Jill Biden seem very happy to see Donald Trump. And the first lady even reportedly handed Trump a handwritten letter for his wife Melania, welcoming her back to the White House.
Now, keep in mind, just this week the vibes were kind of different when Jill and Kamala were seated next to each other at a veterans day event as you can see right there.
Make no mistake, it is a new era in the Washington swamp and it appears and I hope it's true, that Trump will have a new ally in the U.S. Senate. The newly minted majority leader John Thune, he is pledging to work to get the president's agenda through, time will tell. Here's what he said.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
SEN. JOHN THUNE (R-SD): It's a new day in the United States Senate and it's a new day in America. The American people have loudly rejected the failed policies of the Biden, Harris, Schumer agenda, and this Republican team is united. We are on one team. We are excited to reclaim the majority and to get to work with our colleagues in the House to enact President Trump's agenda.
We have a mandate from the American people, a mandate not only to clean up the mess left by the Biden, Harris, Schumer agenda, but also to deliver on President Trump's priorities.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
HANNITY: Time is short. There's a lot of work to be done but now is the time for Republicans to work together and get Donald Trump's agenda across the finish line.
Joining us now with more is Lara Trump.
Great to have you back.
Let us talk about all that your family has been through and the utter silence not only of Democrats but the legacy media which for nine-plus years has been after your family and in the end, all their reporting, all their hysteria, all their screaming and yelling and ranting and raving and proclamations of whatever about your father-in-law were meaningless. It had no impact on the American people.
What does that say to you?
LARA TRUMP, RNC CO-CHAIR: Yeah, well, the American people don't buy it, Sean, and you know, you had the proof of Donald Trump for four years in the White House previously, and that's why the American people overwhelmingly came out on November 5th and voted for Donald Trump and his America First policies, and it's incredible to see how people are so upset about, you know, the Matt Gaetz pick and they're very worried I think about some sort of revenge or retribution by Donald Trump.
But let's be very clear, Donald Trump said my revenge will be success and success will bring us together and unify us. Take a look at that meeting he had with Joe Biden today, by the way. Could not have been nicer, could not have been friendlier.
Joe Biden was all smiles there and you saw the way that those two men got along, Donald Trump was very professional in that meeting. Listen, no one understands more so how broken some of these systems are and how they need to be restored in the faith that we as the American people have need to be restored in these systems more so than Donald Trump.
They were all weaponized against him. He doesn't want retribution. He wants success for America and the American people. He wants energy dominance. He wants us to regain our standing on the world stage.
He wants to make community safer and make life better for the American people and he knows that the best way to get his revenge is the way that he has always done it, Sean, it's proving his critics wrong and every single time they say Donald Trump can't do it, he can't get the job done. Guess what? He always comes through for the American people.
I think we're poised as he says to see the golden age of America and it'll be thanks to Donald J. Trump.
HANNITY: Your husband Eric Trump was quoted in "The Daily Mail" saying that his father has no interest in retribution and even said that he would likely strongly consider pardoning Hunter Biden as a sign of goodwill. And now, we have this issue involving Matt Gaetz, and I've got to believe Matt Gaetz who's been fighting against weaponization will make a strong statement against it with a promise never to do it. Your reaction.
L. TRUMP: Yeah. I think that's exactly right. I think that we want to get back to an America where we look at each other not as Democrats or Republicans but as Americans and that's what Donald Trump has been fighting for he's fighting whether you voted for him or not, for you out there, for your life to be better and for the America first policies, again things like closing our border and keeping our streets safer, giving respect back to our law enforcement officers.
These are things that are going to really positively impact people's lives. I think that if it is not already done by the time January 20th rolls around, you may see Donald Trump pardon Hunter Biden because, Sean, we should put all this in the past. We should start focusing on actually doing effective things for the American people, with people like Elon Musk and Vivek Ramaswamy that you heard about today, that is going to actually impact people's lives. You should never see any of these systems weaponized against an American citizen like what has happened to Donald Trump multiple times.
No one -- again no one understands this better than he does, and no one wants to see it brought to an end more than Donald Trump.
HANNITY: "The New York Post" is with the appointment of Senator Rubio to be the next secretary of state is saying that you apparently are a top choice of Governor Ron DeSantis to replace Marco Rubio. Have you had any conversations with Governor DeSantis? And I guess more importantly would you be interested in being I guess my senator because Marco's leaving me?
Would you -- would you consider -- would you throw your hat in the ring? Would you want -- would you want that job on the heels of the great job you did at the RNC?
L. TRUMP: Oh, well, thank you. Yeah --
HANNITY: I think we -- just what I wanted the answer. Can we -- is there any chance we can get her back? I think America would like to hear that answer. If we can -- we're going to get it right back up and get an answer to the question. You can't make that up.
Anyway, here with reaction also is Senator Lindsey Graham, the great state of South Carolina.
Now, you can't make that up, just -- just when I'm about to get the answer.
SEN. LINDSEY GRAHAM (R-SC): Yeah, yeah, like, it's either the Chinese or somebody in Florida that wants this job, I don't know.
HANNITY: I did. I'm one way or the other, I'm getting that answer. I'm going to have her call in if I have to.
How would you feel about that by the way?
GRAHAM: I would be like over the top excited. She busted her ass to help President Trump win. She helped the Senate. She helped the House.
She is a co-chair of the RNC. There was no cheating. She raised a ton of money.
Nobody understands the American first agenda better than Lara Trump. She's a great mother, a very sharp young lady. I would love to have her as a colleague. That'll be up to Governor DeSantis.
But we could not do better on the Republican side than Lara Trump.
HANNITY: No, I tend to agree with you. I hope you heard my opening monologue and I mean what I say after all that Donald Trump has been through, and the weaponization of our DOJ. And it's so sad to me that great agencies like the FBI and the CIA have been so politicized the way they've been. Anybody that is not in favor of restoring those a agencies and those -- to their former greatness and those departments to their former greatness to me would be disqualifying.
Let's get to the issue and that is you know the hysteria on the left about Matt Gaetz and Matt has been in the forefront with Jim Jordan of fighting against weaponization.
GRAHAM: Yeah.
HANNITY: Does he not deserve a chance to be heard?
GRAHAM: Well, not only does he deserve a chance to be heard, every president deserves a chance to pick their cabinet. Elections do matter. When I say elections have consequences and I vote for Democratic nominees that I would not have chosen, I am some kind of great statesman.
When I apply that same standard to a Republican president I'm somehow a lackey. I am telling you exactly what I'm going to do. I did it for Bush, I did it for Obama, I did it for Biden, and I'm going to do it for President Trump.
He won the election. He deserves a chance to pick his cabinet. I am predisposed to allow him to do that.
I think Matt Gaetz is very bright. I think he's qualified. He'll have a hearing and he'll have some tough questions to answer. But to every Republican, please follow a process to give President Trump the ability to pick the people he thinks can do the job and give Matt a chance to --
HANNITY: And you have a history of that. You --
GRAHAM: I do it for everybody. I do it for everybody.
HANNITY: And in fairness to you, you are being consistent and I wish Democrats would be as consistent as you are. By the way --
GRAHAM: They're not going to be --
HANNITY: Stay right there, don't go anywhere because we have Lara Trump back. So hopefully --
GRAHAM: And the answer is? And the answer is?
L. TRUMP: Someone didn't want --
HANNTY: And the answer is -- you got a ringing endorsement when you fell off the air from Lindsey.
L. TRUMP: Oh.
GRAHAM: Yeah, LaraTrump.com, LaraTrump.com.
HANNITY: Oh, here we go, here we go.
L. TRUMP: Well, listen, I -- I was so truly so honored to be at the co- chair of the RNC through really the most historic election I think of any of our lifetimes and I was really honored to do it and proud of our team because we accomplished, Sean, everything that we set out to do.
We wanted to make sure that we got out our voters. We want to make sure people voted early. We wanted to make sure we had a world class election integrity team and that we actually gave voters the confidence to come out and vote knowing their vote would matter and their vote was would count and there would be no funny business.
And obviously, we broke records of fundraising and all the things. So everything we set out to do we did and to be able to serve in this role has really been the honor of a lifetime. Likewise, if I am able to serve I would love to serve the people of Florida. This is my home state now and has been for three years. This is where Eric and I live and truly to have that opportunity I think would be incredible.
No one knows better than I do. The America First agenda or the goals of Donald Trump in the coming four years .So if I asked, I would love to consider it, but I have yet to have a conversation with Governor DeSantis, so we will have to see.
HANNITY: And both of you agree, Lindsey, that any nominee of any president, they should be able to choose the cabinet officials that they want to accomplish the promises they ran on and that they have to fulfill if they want to ever get reelected or in the case of Donald Trump, to have a legacy. You both agree on that, right, regardless of who it is and you have done that your entire career.
GRAHAM: Well, I would just say, number one, I hope that Governor DeSantis, is his job to pick but you really couldn't do better than Lara Trump. She's proven herself in the trenches. She's ready to go on day one.
I say elections have consequences when Republicans don't like it, and I'm telling my Democratic friends, elections have consequences whether you like it or not. You're accusing Matt of doing the very thing that you did. Matt Gaetz didn't lie under oath. Matt Gaetz did not sign FISA warrants that were based on Russian disinformation.
So we're going to give the president a chance to put his people forward. To every Republican, give Matt a chance.
HANNITY: Yeah, agree, and you agree with that, Lara, real quick?
L. TRUMP: I think it's the will of the people. They voted with electoral votes and the popular vote to put Donald Trump back in the White House. He needs a great team behind him to do it and that is the will of the people. We should absolutely give him a chance.
HANNITY: It's going to be interesting. I'm really going to have to be nice to you now if you become my senator. I don't know. Appreciate it. Thank -- the timing could not have been worse, but I'm glad we got you back.
GRAHAM: Makes me wonder.
HANNITY: Welcome to live television, everybody. Anyway, I'm glad it worked out.
Thank you both. When we come back, House Republicans, they have unanimously nominated Mike Johnson to continue to serve as the speaker and he will join us with reaction coming up, straight ahead.
(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
HANNITY: Donald Trump, he was on Capitol Hill today meeting with House Republicans who are now only one seat away from reaching that magic number of 2018, is expected they will have 222, 223, in the at the end of the day officially retaining control of the chamber.
After a big endorsement from Donald Trump, while House Republicans then unanimously backed Mike Johnson to remain as speaker of the House in January. He joins us now.
Mr. Speaker, thank you. We appreciate it.
So the polls were showing there was a 70 to 80 percent chance, you would lose the majority in the House. That did not happen. You have a majority albeit again a small majority, but you have a bigger problem and that is you will fairly soon be losing -- well, you already lost Matt Gaetz because he resigned today but Elise Stefanik, Mike Waltz, how do you handle that so that at no point does control of the House get into the hands of the Democrats?
REP. MIKE JOHNSON (R-LA), SPEAKER OF THE HOUSE: Yeah, it's a great problem to have, Sean. We have an embarrassment of riches in the House Republican conference, lots of talented people who are very attuned to the America first agenda and they can serve the country well in other capacities.
But I told President Trump, enough already. You got to give me some relief I got to maintain this majority and he understands that, of course, we've been talking about it hourly almost every day.
I think we're going to be settled. The numbers that you just projected there I think will be the reality and we will have the majority. I think these seats Matt's, for example, his resignation today was to help us because it starts the clock under Florida state law it's about a about a 8- week process to fill that seat. So if we do this quickly and I've already called Governor DeSantis to ask him to kickstart this thing, we could have that seat filled by January 3rd when the new Congress begins so that would be one seat replaced almost immediately.
All three of those that you mention all three my friends all come from deep red districts. Yeah?
HANNITY: Would -- would it be beneficial if Mike Waltz of Florida did the same thing?
JOHNSON: Well, I'm going to talk about with him tonight about that. The timing matters. We need to stagger these things. He's going to fill a very important position for the president and for the country, and we don't want to delay that and he doesn't have to be appointed by the Senate his position. So, we'll be able to figure that out I know Governor DeSantis is going to be very busy working on all these matters, and the one you discussed in the previous segment filling the Senate seat.
So he'll be an active participant. We'll get this done. We're assured to have Republicans reelected in all these seats and we'll work with a smaller majority of one or two for the amount of time that we have to, but we're going to be very aggressive, Sean.
We're going to move the America first agenda for the American people beginning on day one and we have all this work stacked up and we're ready to go.
HANNITY: Let's talk a little bit about Elise Stefanik in New York. How does the process work there?
JOHNSON: Well, Elise has a similar situation under New York state law. The governor there Hochul can't play games with this. It's about a 80-day process roughly, and she comes from a very safe red district as well. So we'll get a strong Republican there.
The county uh chairs are already working to come up with a consensus on who they'll put forward as the party's nominee and we'll get that done.
President Trump's already committed if necessary he'd go up there and do a rally. I mean, we will get this job done, but Elise is going to do an extraordinary job at the U.N., as the ambassador there. She's a strong voice. She's Harvard educated, really smart, very sharp and unflappable, and she will advance America's agenda at the U.N. again. That's a really important position, so I'm delighted she got it.
So it almost sounds like it would be better if she did -- if she were to resign sooner than later also. Let -- let me ask you, had you -- have tell us first about the meeting with President Trump today, where -- where he endorsed you and have you had any conversation with the new Senate majority leader John Thune, who outwardly was very supportive of the Trump agenda and do you believe that the House, the Senate and the president are all going to be on the same page because in my view, in my mind, you have between 18 months and 24 months to get a lot of this agenda through.
JOHNSON: You're exactly right, and the atmosphere here on the Hill is one of euphoria. I mean, the Republican Party is united and energized like I've never seen it, Sean. I did. We had a great time with President Trump this morning.
He came and visited with the House Republican conference as you saw and he gave a ringing endorsement of me and our leadership team. And that's very helpful, the unity aspect of this is very important because we have to work together. I did call leader Thune today and congratulate him on his victory.
We talked for a short period of time about the agenda going forward and how we have to do this in a bicameral fashion. We need the House Republicans and the Senate Republicans to be in lock step on exactly the same page and we will be.
And he's excited about that. He's committed to the America first agenda as well, and we -- we laughed about how our home cities and counties, his county, my parish, voted overwhelmingly for President Trump in a landslide, and our people and all the American people really desperately want and need and deserve this, and we're going to deliver.
HANNITY: Well, I'm encouraged by his words and everyone else's words. But you know what? I'm a trust but verify guy. And I want to see that agenda adopted and adopt it as quickly as possible. Speaker Johnson, thank you. We appreciate it.
JOHNSON: Yes.
HANNITY: All right. When we come back, Donald Trump tapping Elon Musk, Vivek Ramaswamy, to lead the Department of Government Efficiency. We'll check in with Vivek for his very first interview since the announcement, straight ahead.
(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
HANNITY: All right. President-elect Trump continues to make key appointments for his next administration. Now, yesterday, he announced that Vivek Ramaswamy and Elon Musk would lead the new Department of Government Efficiency. Earlier today, Vivek took to Twitter, saying in part, quote, if we're ever going to crush the bureaucracy, it's going to happen from the outside, just the hard truth.
And today, the department's X account was launched with a tweet saying, quote, working overtime to ensure that your tax dollars will be spent wisely. Vivek Ramaswamy joins us now.
All right. So you're partnering with the smartest guy in the country, there's no doubt about it, and the richest guy. But you look at Elon Musk and he's a genius. If you can figure out a way to go save those astronauts that are lost in space, God bless you, I could never figure that out in 500 lifetimes. So I admire that.
He's talking about $2 billion in cuts by identifying waste fraud and abuse. Is that a realistic number? That's a big number.
VIVEK RAMASWAMY, CO-HEAD OF DEPARTMENT OF GOVERNMENT EFFICIENCY: Yeah, two billion isn't a big number, but two trillion is, Sean, and that's what we're looking at here. Look --
HANNITY: I'm sorry. Two trillion, I stand corrected.
RAMASWAMY: No, no, I want to be very clear about the scale. I want to be very clear about the scale that we're thinking here. We're not thinking small. We're playing big here because is we have a once in a generation mandate right now. The American people have voted for drastic reform of the government and our federal government is broken.
It's no secret that it is a fourth branch of government, the administrative state that makes most of the rules, that creates a federal bureaucracy that's hampering our economy. So what do we want to do, we want to go in and slash and burn that bureaucracy to help Americans, stimulate the economy, and to restore self-governance again, Sean. The people we elect to run the government, they're not even the ones who run the government anymore. It's these unelected bureaucrats..
Republican politicians have talked about fixing this for a long time, not with a lot of progress. So I do think it's going to take a couple of outsiders. Elon and I have built a great friendship over the last year. We're working together intensely and we're not going to stop until we get the job done.
HANNITY: When Ronald Reagan became president, on the issue of defense, he called it a gap of vulnerability. China, Russia, they have hypersonic missile technology. We do not. We're going to have to spend a lot of money on defense to catch up and to surpass our enemies.
Social Security, Medicare are headed towards insolvency. We have to spend money there.
To me, that money is going to be made up through energy dominance. That's where I think our greatest opportunity is. Your thoughts?
RAMASWAMY: Look, part of what's holding back energy dominance in this country is that administrative state. Look at the regulations coming out of the Department of Interior, the slow permitting requirements, how hard it is to open a new refinery.
So I think that is the root cause of our failure as a country is this unelected fourth branch of government, and I think they look at elected officials as these cute little puppets that come and go every little while. Not anymore. There's a new sheriff in town, Donald Trump's the president, he has mandated us for radical drastic reform of this federal bureaucracy with the learnings of that first term.
And you -- look, Elon and I -- I mean Elon's solving major problems of physics. I came from the world of biology. What we're solving here now is not a natural problem. This is a man-made problem and when you have a man- made problem, you better darn well have a man-made solution.
That's what we're bringing to the table. We're assembling the brightest mines in the country. This is the equivalent of a modern Manhattan Project to take on.
I think the major problem holding our country back it's the federal bureaucracy. Target that cost, save the money, restore self-governance and, Sean, I think we did something pretty novel here if I may say. So if I just want to say is this government Department of Government Efficiency it is built with an end date. We want to be done by July 4th, 2026. So for the first time in history, creating a department, creating a new government project that is designed to end when it's work is complete. That's on the 250th anniversary of America's Declaration of Independence and that's the gift we want to give this country on that birthday.
HANNITY: Well, I hope Congress adopts your recommendations. They did not do so in the Reagan years with the Grace Commission. What are the first things you're going to look at?
RAMASWAMY: Look, we got a long list and a lot of this is to stay tuned for what's coming on January 20th because some of this we do want to come as in a big way swinging on day one.
But I'll give you some examples, Sean. Most federal employees right now, most Americans don't recognize this, they don't even show up to work. So if you tell people you have to affirm that you want a job, that you have to show up to work five days a week, how many of those employees are going to quit right out the gate. That's a question we should ask.
Those are the kinds of inefficiencies, low hanging fruit that Democrats and Republicans or black or white Americans alike can agree on. We should not be wasting that kind of money as a federal government.
And so in that sense, tackling this kind of waste fraud abuse bureaucratic bloat, we're going for the stuff that's basic common sense that most Americans actually agree on, and I hope we're going to actually be able to help unite the country by eliminating waste which is something that all Americans regardless of partisan affiliation can get behind and that's how Elon and I are thinking about it.
HANNITY: I -- I have less than a minute but I think part of it has to be baseline budgeting, eliminate the built-in increases every year that we have for every department, I think getting rid of the Department of Education, giving that money directly to the states or maybe adopting something like the Penny Plan, maybe it's the nickel plan, where you cut you know a nickel out of every dollar every year for five years, you balance the budget which has not been done since Newt Gingrich was the speaker of the House.
You have about 30 seconds.
RAMASWAMY: Well, yeah, well, funny enough, Sean, actually much of our spending is even for programs whose authorization has lapsed. So the authorization to spend the appropriation has lapsed and yet still the money still goes out the door. That's how broken the bureaucracy is.
So I think it's going to take a couple of business guys to come in, do this from the outside. We're going to have fun while we're at it. It's going to be the most transparent effort we're certainly aiming to make this a transparent process so the American people can see how their money is being wasted, so we're all in it on the same team to fix it.
I can't wait for Donald Trump to get back in that White House on January 20th. He's given us a broad mandate with his full support to get this done. I'm grateful to him for that and he and I are pretty excited to get started. So we'll see for what we have a few surprises in store for January.
HANNITY: All right. Appreciate it. Vivek Ramaswamy, thank you. Looking forward to your final result.
All right. When we come back, liberal resistance is forming against Donald Trump as he now ready's for his second term. We will check in with the brilliant fitness guru Jillian Michaels. She will react to the leftwing melting down over Donald Trump's victory. No sex with your husband, shave your head divorce your husband. Oh, let's stockpile abortion pills, straight ahead.
(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
HANNITY: All right. The left well their meltdown continues after Donald Trump's win. Some liberal women are going to really radical extremes, participating in the 4b movement which consists of let's see, no sex, no dating men, no marriage, or having children, some even talking about divorcing their husband, shaving their heads and the list goes on and on and on.
Here with reaction, the host of "Keeping it Real with Jillian Michaels" podcast, our podcast is -- Jillian Michaels is with us.
Okay, this is madness. You know, tell me what good does it do to stockpile abortion pills when they're still going to be available? What's the purpose of shaving your head, saying you're never going to have sex, you're going to divorce your husband, help me out here. What's going on?
JILLIAN MICHAELS, "KEEP IT REAL WITH JILLIAN MICHAELS" PODCAST HOST: Okay, I actually do want to address this from maybe a slightly different perspective than you would expect. So, obviously, I do think this is radical. Obviously, I don't think this will accomplish anything other than creating relationship problems between couples.
However, as fringe as you think this may be, I still have friends in California who are overhearing their wives having these conversations with their friends on the phone. And what I've taken away from this personally and I admit that I believe in being pro-choice with limitations. That said, President Trump has said that he will not approve any abortion ban, he will veto it, he's given it to the states and I'm taking him at his word.
But the one thing that I do want you to appreciate sean is that when you look at reputable news sources in theory like "The New York Times" or MSNBC, they are fear-mongering beyond your wildest imagination and literally writing out a game plan for how this could potentially be executed.
And when you read it in these sources to the degree that they're laying it out it, it seems believable, does that make any sense?
HANNITY: But it makes a lot of sense, but they're flat out lying. They lied to seniors. He's going to take away Social Security and Medicare. No, he's not.
Lying to women, he's going to limit access to contraception, stop IVF, have a national abortion ban. No, he's not.
He supports Project 2025. No, he doesn't. They just lie to them, and I guess people believe the lie. He's, by the way, and he's a Nazi a fascist and we're all pieces of garbage.
MICHAELS: I totally agree with you on the lying and the fear porn. You're 100 percent correct. But you also have to understand that overturning Roe v. Wade, I'm just -- I'm telling you what's going on because you asked me and women having limited access and it being a state-by-state issue.
And from what I've learned on this matter, the more you limit early access, the more you put women in a position of having health risks, having to go out of state, begets later term abortions, which is something I don't think anybody wants. So they look at this and they think what was unthinkable occurred and now you have all of these people telling them that he's a Nazi and he's a fascist and he's a monster, and they believe it and what I think we need to do honestly is validate -- yeah.
HANNITY: Yeah, but look at Ohio. I mean, red state very liberal abortion law.
MICHAELS: I hear you.
HANNITY: That the people voted for that.
But on the other hand, do we really want abortion months seven, eight and nine when the baby is viable on its own. Do we really want adults getting - - teachers giving gender affirming care to minors and not telling parents? Do we really want feminine hygiene products in boys' bathrooms and schools? Do we really want biological men playing in women's sports?
Because I don't think most Americans are there and I think it hurt the left in the election big time.
MICHAELS: I couldn't agree with you more. It's the reason that I voted for President Trump and I do agree that the left has gone completely bananas. But what we have to do in my opinion to help calm them down because as much as I want to tell you, oh, they're insane, Sean, they're crazy. I don't think it gets us anywhere.
I feel like we need to say, listen, I hear you. I hear your concern, but these are the reasons I don't believe that will ever happen. And should this wild fantasy occur right that that the left-wing media is propagating, we will have your back and we'll fight back, and in four years there'll be another election.
So, yes, it's unhinged. I agree with you. It's just a matter in my opinion of how we tackle these concerns and unfortunately I think there's some validity based on the fact of overturning Roe v. Wade.
HANNITY: If anybody that is a conservative calls for retribution or weaponization of justice, I will be out outspoken. It was conservatives like me that when "Politically Incorrect" got cancelled. I stood up for Bill Maher and Bill Maher hates me.
You know, Joy Reid was in a lot of trouble and I said, give her a second chance. I'm not part of cancel culture fire boycott. We have 30 seconds. Oh we're going to have a big announcement together soon. How's that for a tease?
MICHAELS: Well, that is an amazing tease and my answer is that I think a lot of us are actually on the same page. I think the strategy validate feelings but reassure people and bring them back to sanity and back to the center. I think that's the best strategy.
HANNITY: We cannot have weaponization against Republicans anymore or Democrats.
Jillian Michaels, we appreciate you coming on. Thank you.
When we come back, more "Hannity" straight ahead.
(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
HANNITY: All right. Unfortunately, that's all the time we have this evening. Thank you for being with us, making the show possible. Please set your DVR so you never ever, ever miss an episode of "Hannity". News anytime, every time, all the time foxnews.com.
And in the meantime, let not your heart be troubled. Greg Gutfeld will put a smile on your face next. Have a great night.
Classification


Language: ENGLISH

Document-Type: Show

Publication-Type: Transcript

Transcript: 111301cb.253

Subject: GOVERNMENT BODIES & OFFICES (91%); LEGISLATIVE BODIES (91%); CABINET OFFICES (90%); GOVERNMENT & PUBLIC ADMINISTRATION (90%); GOVERNMENT ADVISORS & MINISTERS (90%); POLITICAL PARTIES (90%); US REPUBLICAN PARTY (90%); JUSTICE DEPARTMENTS (89%); LAW ENFORCEMENT (89%); US DEMOCRATIC PARTY (89%); ATTORNEYS GENERAL (78%); FAR LEFT POLITICS (78%); LIBERALISM (78%); NATIONAL SECURITY & FOREIGN RELATIONS (78%); US FEDERAL GOVERNMENT (78%); INTERVIEWS (76%); POLITICAL EXTREMISM (73%); Donald Trump (%); Republican Party (%); White House (%); Government (%); Policies (%); Politics (%)

Company:  FOX ENTERTAINMENT GROUP INC (91%)

Industry: NAICS516120 TELEVISION BROADCASTING STATIONS (91%); SIC4833 TELEVISION BROADCASTING STATIONS (91%); ATTORNEYS GENERAL (78%)

Person: DONALD TRUMP (94%); MATT GAETZ (94%); ELON MUSK (79%); JOE BIDEN (79%); MERRICK B GARLAND (79%); SEAN HANNITY (79%); TULSI GABBARD (78%); ERIC HOLDER (58%); JIM JORDAN (58%); MARCO RUBIO (58%)

Geographic: FLORIDA, USA (92%); UNITED STATES (93%)

Load-Date: November 14, 2024


End of Document
