



Newstex Blogs 
Al Jazeera English
November 9, 2024 Saturday 6:51 AM EST


Delivered by Newstex LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Copyright 2024 Al Jazeera English 
Length: 1476 words
Byline: Sarah Shamim
Body


November 9th, 2024 (   - Delivered by   )
A feminist movement sweeping South Korea, in which women are saying 'No' to any form of intimate relationships with men, is taking hold in the United States following former President Donald Trump's resounding victory in the presidential election.
So what is the 4B movement and why are American women turning to it now?
What is the 4B movement?
The 4B movement originally emerged from the fringes of the South Korean feminist movement.
It developed in South Korean feminist circles and on social media in the mid-to-late 2010s during a wave of  
4B is shorthand for four words that start with 'bi', which means 'no' in Korean.
The movement calls for:
Bihon, which means no heterosexual marriage.
Bichulsan, no childbirth.
Biyeonae, no dating.
Bisekseu, no heterosexual sexual relationships.
Why did this movement emerge in South Korea?
Women are fed up with the scale of male violence in South Korean society.
A report published in 2018 showed that in the previous nine years, at least 824 women in South Korea had been killed and a further 602 were put at risk of death by violence at the hands of their intimate partners.
But there are also economic factors.
According to data from the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), South Korean men earn 31.2 percent more, on average, than women.
South Korean society also tends to be fairly conservative when it comes to families.
Ayo Wahlberg, a professor in the anthropology department at the University of Copenhagen,  
This has led to more women forgoing the prospect of having children while also making less money than their male spouses - a situation many say they find disheartening.
Meanwhile, the birthrate in South Korea continues to drop rapidly. In recent years, the country has had one of the lowest birthrates in the world. In February this year, Statistics Korea published data showing that the overall birthrate had   
'Your body, my choice': Why is the movement gathering interest in the US now?
Soon after it had become apparent that Trump had won the US presidential election this week, young women in the US took to social media platforms such as TikTok and X, encouraging other women to take inspiration from the 4B movement.
american women it's time to learn from the koreans and adopt the 4b movement
as a matter of fact women from all over the world should adopt the 4b movement
i'm so serious  
- coleni. (@jungsooyawning)  
While CNN's exit poll suggested that Trump won 46 percent of the women's vote and Harris won 54 percent, it also showed that Harris had won just 43.5 percent of the male vote compared with Trump's 56.5 percent.
Young women on social media said they were disappointed that young men had voted for a candidate who they say does not respect their bodily autonomy.
To make matters worse, some Trump supporters, such as far-right political activist Nick Fuentes, started posting misogynistic messages on X such as the statement, 'Your body, my choice.'
            
The message is a co-optation of 'my body, my choice' a slogan used historically by feminists rallying for autonomy and reproductive rights.
The masks are fully off now  
- Sam G (@ItsSamG)  
How significant a role did women's rights play in the US election?
The right to abortion was a major talking point in the lead-up to the election.
While the Democratic candidate, Kamala Harris, was banking on abortion being a big issue, it turned out to be much less of a decisive issue for voters than economic issues such as inflation, unemployment and the cost of living.
The election was the first presidential vote since the landmark 1973  
Trump claimed credit for the overturning of Roe v Wade, which was made possible by his appointments of three conservative judges to the top court.
Democrats campaigned in the belief that this would bring women out to vote for Harris. That position  
On Tuesday this week, as the election was in full swing,  
What could happen to abortion once Trump is in power?
Trump has said that he would veto a federal abortion bill, preferring to leave the question of laws regarding the  
However, fears now loom among women's rights groups that he will be pressured by Republicans, who now control the Senate and the Supreme Court - and are close to controlling the House of Representatives as well - into making a federal abortion ban across the US a reality.
There are also fears that Trump's administration could have the power to enforce an interpretation of the 1873 Comstock Act, which makes it a federal crime to sell and receive abortion-related medication or other materials. The law has not been enforced for decades.
Why are women so angry about Trump's attitude towards them?
Many say Trump reveals a great deal about his general view of women through the comments he has made over the years.
Sexual abuse allegations
In May 2023, a US jury found Trump  
In 2018, veteran journalist  
Trump was quoted saying: 'You've got to deny, deny, deny and push back on these women. If you admit to anything and any culpability, then you're dead You've got to be strong. You've got to be aggressive. You've got to push back hard. You've got to deny anything that's said about you. Never admit.'
Disparaging comments about Kamala Harris
Trump has made many controversial remarks about women, including his Democrat challenger and Vice President  
After Harris inherited the Democrat presidential candidate ticket from Joe Biden earlier this year, Trump told Fox News, '[Harris] somehow - a woman - somehow she's doing better than [President Joe Biden] did.'
He repeatedly attacked Harris's intelligence, calling her 'stupid' and 'dumb' on various occasions.
Other controversial remarks
In June 2004, he said about his daughter, Ivanka Trump, 'She does have a very nice figure if [she] weren't my daughter, perhaps I'd be dating her.' Ivanka was 23 or 24 at the time.
Earlier, soon after Princess Diana's death in 1997, Trump told television personality Howard Stern in a radio interview that Diana was 'beautiful' but 'crazy'.
Stern asked Trump if he could have had a sexual relationship with Diana.
'I think I could have,' Trump replied, the Huffington Post reported.
And according to tapes that The Washington Post said it obtained from 2005, Trump admitted to sexual assault in a conversation with TV host Billy Bush, about women in general: 'I'm automatically attracted to beautiful - I just start kissing them. It's like a magnet. Just kiss. I don't even wait. And when you're a star, they let you do it. You can do anything.'
'Childless cat lady' comments
His Republican aides, including running mate JD Vance, have also made  


Notes

The views expressed in any and all content distributed by Newstex and its re-distributors (collectively, the "Newstex Authoritative Content") are solely those of the respective author(s) and not necessarily the views of Newstex or its re-distributors. Stories from such authors are provided "AS IS," with no warranties, and confer no rights. The material and information provided in Newstex Authoritative Content are for general information only and should not, in any respect, be relied on as professional advice. Newstex Authoritative Content is not "read and approved" before it is posted. Accordingly, neither Newstex nor its re-distributors make any claims, promises or guarantees about the accuracy, completeness, or adequacy of the information contained therein or linked to from such content, nor do they take responsibility for any aspect of such content. The Newstex Authoritative Content shall be construed as author-based content and commentary. Accordingly, no warranties or other guarantees are offered as to the quality of the opinions, commentary or anything else appearing in such Newstex Authoritative Content. Newstex and its re-distributors expressly reserve the right to delete stories at its and their sole discretion.
Classification


Language: English

Publication-Type: Web Publication

Journal Code: 136341

Subject: FEMINISM & WOMEN'S RIGHTS (93%); NEGATIVE MISC NEWS (90%); WOMEN (90%); BIRTHS & BIRTH RATES (89%); ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT (89%); US PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATES 2012 (89%); CHILDREN, ADOLESCENTS & TEENS (86%); CAMPAIGNS & ELECTIONS (78%); COURTSHIP & DATING (78%); DEATH & DYING (78%); DOMESTIC VIOLENCE (78%); ELECTIONS (78%); GENDER & SEX DISCRIMINATION (78%); GENDER BASED VIOLENCE (78%); HEADS OF GOVERNMENT ELECTIONS (78%); INTERNET SOCIAL NETWORKING (78%); MISOGYNY (78%); NEGATIVE SOCIETAL NEWS (78%); PREGNANCY & CHILDBIRTH (78%); SEX & GENDER ISSUES (78%); SEXUAL BEHAVIOR (78%); SOCIAL MEDIA (78%); US PRESIDENTS (78%); CONSERVATISM (73%); US PRESIDENTIAL ELECTIONS (73%); FAMILY (72%); MARRIAGE (72%); INFLATION (69%); INTERNATIONAL ECONOMIC ORGANIZATIONS (69%); HOUSEHOLD MANAGEMENT (68%); CHILD CARE (62%); COLLEGE & UNIVERSITY PROFESSORS (62%); SOCIAL SCIENCE EDUCATION (62%); ANTHROPOLOGY & ARCHAEOLOGY (50%); News (%); United States (%); US & Canada (%); Civil Rights (%); Courts (%); Donald Trump (%); Gender Equity (%); Inequality (%); Kamala Harris (%); Politics (%); Sexual Assault (%); US Election 2024 (%); Women (%)

Organization: ORGANISATION FOR ECONOMIC CO-OPERATION & DEVELOPMENT (54%)

Industry: INTERNET SOCIAL NETWORKING (78%); SOCIAL MEDIA (78%); COLLEGE & UNIVERSITY PROFESSORS (62%)

Person: DONALD TRUMP (90%); KAMALA HARRIS (79%)

Geographic: SOUTH KOREA (97%); UNITED STATES (96%); CANADA (79%)

Load-Date: November 9, 2024


End of Document
