



Fox News FOX HANNITY 9:00 PM EST
November 12, 2024 Tuesday


Copyright 2024 Fox News Network LLC All Rights Reserved 
Section: NEWS; Domestic
Length: 7191 words
Byline: Sean Hannity, Katie Pavlich, Gregg Jarrett
Guests: Clay Travis, Mike Huckabee, Alina Habba, Drew Pinsky, Alan Dershowitz
Body


SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: And welcome to "Hannity".
And tonight, the 2024 election is in the books and Thanksgiving -- we have a lot to be thankful for -- is just around the corner.
But, unfortunately, some on the radical left they are determined to use the holiday season to take another political stand. They want to cast out their own family and close friends. I'm not making it up. You decide.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I completely understand her point because I really do feel that this candidate, you know, President-elect Trump is just a different type of candidate from the things he's said and the things he's done and the things he will do. It's more of a moral issue for me.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
HANNITY: I want to be at a Thanksgiving dinner with her, probably turkey legs, mashed potatoes being thrown around.
Anyway, tonight, we're going to take a step back. Dr. Drew Pinsky is going to join us with advice how to navigate what will be a very challenging holiday season for so many families with loved ones who were totally consumed with Trump derangement syndrome.
But while hysteria continues on the left, Donald Trump is getting to work big time. Breaking only moments ago, Donald Trump announced that our good friend and our colleague Pete Hegseth, he will be nominated as the secretary of defense.
Now, Pete is an army veteran. He served in Iraq. He served in Afghanistan. He also earned two bronze stars. He also holds degrees from Princeton and Harvard, and has made it his life work to advocate for our veterans and active duty service members. His passion is and has always been the U.S. military and that I know is a fact.
And that's not all. The president-elect also announced that Elon Musk and Vivek Ramaswamy will lead the new Department of Government Efficiency. Get rid of waste, fraud and abuse. Wouldn't that be great?
According to Elon Musk, quote, this will send shock waves through the system. Anyone involved in government waste which is a lot of people -- well, their work will conclude no later than July 4th, 2026, as President Trump stated, quote, this will be the perfect gift to America on the 250th anniversary of the Declaration of Independence.
Meanwhile, Senator Marco Rubio of Florida, my senator, is now expected to be tapped as Donald Trump's secretary of state. Former director of national intelligence John Ratcliff, he has now been picked to lead the CIA. Congressman Mike Waltz, a decorated green beret, will join Trump as his national security advisor.
South Dakota Governor Kristi Noem has been picked to be the homeland security secretary and former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee who will join us in just a moment. He has been nominated as the next U.S. ambassador to Israel.
As foxnews.com put it, Donald Trump is forming his cabinet at breakneck speed compared to 2016, and tomorrow, the president-elect, he is scheduled to be at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue to meet at the White House with Joe Biden.
Earlier today when asked about his meeting, Karine Jean-Pierre was short on details as per usual. What a shock. Take a look.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
PETER DOOCY, FOX NEWS SENIOR WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT: Did President Biden invite Vice President Harris to this meeting with Donald Trump tomorrow?
KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: This is a meeting with the -- with the president and the president-elect. This is the norm that the incoming president and the current president sit down in the Oval Office and have a discussion, and that's how -- that's what you're going to see tomorrow is the norm.
What we -- what we normally would see uh when we are talking about a peaceful transition of power.
DOOCY: President Biden says that he's not going to pardon his son Hunter. Is he going to ask Donald Trump to do that?
JEAN-PIERRE: I don't have anything else to share about that. I'm not going to get and go down a rabbit hole on this. I've been very clear. The president's been very clear when we've been asked this question.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
HANNITY: In reality, this is not business as usual. In fact, that will be a running theme throughout the second Trump term. And as for Hunter Biden and that pardon, the president-elect is not ruling it out, for the sake of national unity. We will find out in the days weeks and months to come.
On the campaign trail, President Trump said he wouldn't take it off the books despite the egregious lawfare by the Biden administration and the fact that Hunter is, quote, a bad guy or a bad boy to, quote, him exactly.
Now, Melania Trump, on the other hand, well, is not quite as forgiving and I don't blame her. According to "The New York Post", she declined an invitation to meet with Dr. Jill Biden tomorrow, citing the unprecedented raid at Mar-a-Lago authorized by the weaponized Department of Justice of Joe Biden saying, quote, a source saying, she ain't going.
A source familiar with Melania's decision told "The Post", Jill Biden's husband authorized the FBI snooping through her underwear drawer, and the Bidens are disgusting and Joe Biden and Hillary Clinton -- remember this -- they both had top secret classified information. Joe had it in four separate locations. Their homes were not invaded.
Donald Trump never had used Bleach Bit or used hammers and removed SIM cards and broke up devices. But this weaponization of justice must forever, Democrat, Republican, and it has got to stop. The DOJ, the FBI being politicized, intel agencies politicized, they now need to return for forever to their original non-political purpose and their former greatness. That has got to be the goal.
But the Bidens will soon be out of the White House once and for all. And on January 20th, 2025, the reckoning will begin in the Washington swamp. The monolithic far left city that does not represent the whole of America is about to be rocked to its core but despite the fearmongering on the left, Donald Trump is not threatening democracy. He's not threatening our Constitution.
America's massive bureaucracy on the other hand will soon face a very heavy dose of reality. Again, this is not going to be business as usual. That is not what the American people voted for. The decentralization of power as our founders intended is very much on its way to D.C.
And the new Department of Government Efficiency will take an ax to government waste fraud and abuse. In fact, Trump now plans to eliminate the entire Department of Education, send that money directly to the states. They would better know how to use it.
Other departments like the EPA and the Bureau of Land Management can soon be relocated outside of the Washington swamp and expect to see a major overhaul of the DOJ, DHS and the FBI's Washington field office. Government agencies have been unaccountable and frankly out of control for far too long.
And a pervasive far-left bias has tarnished America's once great institution. They need to be restored. The only way to carry out, the MAGA agenda, and restore equal justice under the law is to reform America's bloated anti-Trump bureaucracy.
Now, this will be a tall order, but it is one of the most important things the president must do at the very beginning of his administration. The stakes are high, the problems are big, the border, it must be secured immediately, millions of criminal illegal immigrants including gang members, cartel members, drug dealers, people that we know are murderers and rapists, those that are known terrorists, they must be found. They must be deported.
Peace, law and order must be restored in every small town and every big city and around the world. America must now lead the way with energy dominance, innovation, development.
Americans should not have to settle for a townhouse instead of a home with a backyard. Trump can and will restore the American Dream and get government off of your back. It's called freedom.
For far too long, Democratic elites in Washington, they have exerted their powers like petty tyrants. Those days, hopefully, will soon be over and end, and America will start functioning like a true republic once again.
Joining us now with reaction, FOX News contributor Katie Pavlich, along with Outkick founder Clay Travis.
Good to see you both.
Katie, let's talk about the picks.
KATIE PAVLICH, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Good to see you, Sean.
HANNITY: I mean, the president's moving at rapid speed. Your reaction to some of the selections, including our friend, our colleague Pete Hegseth.
PAVLICH: Well, everyone's at the same -- on the same page, and when it comes to Pete Hegseth, I was texting with a colleague who's a former Pentagon official and she said that DOD employees are going to have to take mental health days tomorrow with this news because Pete Hegseth is dedicated to taking wokeism out of the military, which if you love the U.S. military and you love this country, you have to do.
They've been distracted. We live in a very dangerous world and he's vowed to get rid of generals he doesn't care who you are, but if you're distracted from the mission to take care of your virtue signaling and your wokeism, he wants you out of there that goes for a number of different agencies.
And I think generally, President Trump has chosen people who are in Washington but not of Washington. They understand how this place works. They know that the bureaucracy is going to bite back and they're ready to fight against the lawyers and to do civil service reform to make sure that the Washington, D.C. is working for the American people, not working for the unelected bureaucrats who think they're entitled to use it, to weaponize it against people who they disagree with in the middle of the country.
HANNITY: Clay Travis, when Ronald Reagan came into office, he had a mission to rebuild our military. At that point, it was a different type of military but bring us to a 600 ship navy. He talked about what he called at that time a gap of vulnerability and that meant that we were falling behind militarily.
I believe America is now currently in this a very similar place and that is we don't have hypersonic missile technology but China, Russia and I believe North Korea do. We have wokeism all throughout the Pentagon, all throughout our military. Recruitment is way down.
This is now going to be a big task. America is going to have to spend money to catch up and to surpass technologically the weaponry the sophisticated weaponry of war that is used today. Your reaction?
CLAY TRAVIS, OUTKICK FOUNDER: What, well, well, first of all, congrats to Pete. I was on live with him a week ago when Donald Trump was winning from Kid Rock's honky talk on Broadway, in Nashville, and I would just like to say, if I had known he was going to be secretary of defense, I might have had a few less beers, Sean.
But I mean, I love this. He is exactly what our military needs and more importantly, I love everything that I'm seeing from Donald Trump's cabinet. He's moving fast. He's surrounding himself with people who are loyal, people who recognize that our government is broken and it's time to start fixing things.
And let me say, this attorney general pick, you were perfect on this leading in, Sean Hannity. It is the most important decision that Donald Trump has to make because of all the broken parts of our government right now, the Department of Justice I think is the single most broken. And you were talking about pardons, here's how I would suggest Trump should start off. Pardon every January 6th or pardon Hunter Biden even though he doesn't deserve it and pardon Eric Adams because I think New York city's mayor, they're coming after him because he called them out on the failures at the border, say, we're done with political prosecutions. You can argue for anything, the First Amendment is alive and well in Donald Trump's America, but we're not putting people in prison because of what they advocate for politically.
And I got a badass attorney general who's going to make sure the next four years, it's big in America.
HANNITY: Can he pardon Adams or is it going to be a state charge that Adams is facing?
TRAVIS: Right now, I believe they're federal charges right from the Southern District of New York. That doesn't mean that they might not bring state charges, too, but he could pardon Eric Adams. I would encourage him to do so and just sweep it clean and say this era is over. They came after me, I beat their ass at the polls, and I'm not letting them do it to anybody else.
I think it would be an important message and I think it would go a long way towards really setting the tone for what this new era is going to be.
HANNITY: To me the most important -- go ahead. Go ahead, Katie.
PAVLICH: I was going say, it's -- it's not just these cabinet picks which are very important in terms of people not saying that they're there to keep tabs on Donald Trump. They're there to serve the president in the executive branch, but there are thousands of positions that are political appointments inside the federal government that last time around during the first term, there were lots of holdovers who worked directly against President Trump's agenda.
All of those people are going to go. There are lots of people who are about to step up to the plate to work inside the administration, and the deputies inside of these agencies for these cabinet officials, in addition to the U.S. attorneys, for example, in the southern district of New York or in places across the country are going to be very key to making sure that the government is reformed and that they're focused on the right things, not on political weaponization of the system that belongs to the American people.
HANNITY: Clay, let me go back to this issue though of a weaponized DOJ and a politicized FBI and politicized intelligence agencies. This has to be wiped out forever so it can never happen again. To me, those will be the most important appointments not just the AG, it's going to be the 30 people that also are immediately below the AG.
It's not just going to be the FBI director, but the -- but the top 30 or 40 or 50 people below him, and the same with the CIA and other intelligence agencies. So, to me, you know, we've got to create a scenario where the DOJ can never be weaponized again and these institutions can never be politicized again. That to me would be cleaning out the swamp.
TRAVIS: You're percent right about that sean which is why I think that's the most significant message Donald Trump has to send from the absolute star. Katie's right, there's a lot of people at all sorts of levels.
But you got to have an AG that actually has a spine of steel because you know they're going to come after him or her with everything they possibly can, you got to have somebody that'll stare them down and say, I'm not making the right decision this week I'm making the right decision for the next hundred years because don't forget when they raided Mar-a-Lago and they brought charges in New York and they brought charges in D.C. and they brought charges in Florida and Atlanta, and I know some of those are state charges, they broke 250 years of established precedent that you don't try and put your chief political rival in prison.
Thankfully, Trump won the race but he has to your point grab this stuff from its foundation and tear it apart and ensure that it never ever happens again and that's why these choices that he has to make starting with attorney general I think are the most important of what has already been an excellent cabinet roll out so far.
HANNITY: And return the FBI to its former greatness. Return our intel agencies to their former greatness and lead them that way. That would be a great accomplishment.
Katie, great to see. Clay, thank you.
PAVLICH: Sean, can I just say one more thing quickly? Just one more thing quickly?
HANNITY: Go ahead.
PAVLICH: I just want to say, in order for there to be a cleaning out of the bureaucracy, there has to be accountability for the violation of civil rights for Americans. This FEMA story where they were given a directive, you know, agency-wide to not give aid to Trump supporters --
HANNITY: Crazy.
PAVLICH: -- people should go to jail for that. They should be charged with violating people's civil rights and until you have actual accountability for these people. Nothing is going to change.
HANNITY: All right. Katie and Clay, thank you.
Now on X, the current governor of Arkansas, Sarah Huckabee Sanders, had some very kind words for the former governor of Arkansas -- that being her father, our friend Mike Huckabee -- who was just nominated to be the U.S. ambassador to Israel.
Governor Sanders wrote, quote: There is no one President Trump could have picked with a greater love for the Israeli people and commitment to the unbreakable bond between America and Israel than him.
Joining us with more, President Trump's nominee to be ambassador to Israel, Mike Huckabee.
Governor, I agree with your daughter. I think she is a better governor and a lot smarter than me, so we both take second place.
But in all seriousness, I look at Israel, the size of the state of New Jersey and I look at them now battling a four or five-front war between Hezbollah, Islamic Jihad in the north, you got Hamas out a Gaza in the south, you got the Houthi rebels and you got ballistic missiles being fired directly from Iran, that is, you know, supplying all of this weaponry because Joe Biden and Kamala Harris allowed them to get rich by not enforcing sanctions.
How quickly do you believe Donald Trump can impact that -- that conflict in the Middle East?
MIKE HUCKABEE, FORMER GOVERNOR OF ARKANSAS: Sean, I think he's impacting that conflict before he's even sworn in. You're seeing a scrambling all over the Middle East of countries suddenly trying to behave differently because they know a new sheriff has come to town.
And this isn't a one bullet Barney with a bullet in his shirt pocket. This is the real deal. I mean, this is Donald Trump that they are afraid of, and I'm just ecstatic that he has asked me to be part of what I think is going to be -- not just a realignment of political parties and many institutions in America, but really, the world, to bring peace that we desperately need.
And quite frankly, when I look at all these people that he's picked, I'm incredibly impressed with all of them. I feel like that I'm a -- you know, a 1995 Ford pickup trying to enter the Indy 500. I don't see myself in the same view as I do some of these wonderful people he's picked.
But I'm honored beyond even description to be able to serve my country --
HANNITY: Yeah.
HUCKABEE: -- and this president in a nation that I've been traveling to since July of 1973 when I was 17, made about a hundred trips there, and I couldn't be more grateful to this president for giving me the opportunity to serve the country and him.
HANNITY: Well, I'm sure you're going to work very closely with my friend Steve Witkoff. He was announced today as the special envoy to the Middle East. Like you, he knows the area well.
I think, you know, one of the more interesting picks will be Elise Stefanik. And I've never been a globalist. I find the United -- U.N. to be historically, virulently antisemitic and anti-American.
I don't trust WHO. We know they covered for China during COVID.
I don't like the WEF. I never like the Paris accords. The Iranian deal is asinine, the worst deal ever made.
So I would imagine if the Elise Stefanik that lectured the pro-Hamas professors before Congress -- if that Elise Stefanik shows up at the United Nations, that's going to be a little bit of a shakeup the likes of which maybe we haven't seen in our lifetime. That could be entertaining.
HUCKABEE: It'll be very entertaining but more importantly, it's going to be a great revelation of what's wrong at the U.N. and why for many years, I've never understood why we kept dumping money into it.
I've often said get a jackhammer, hammer the thing right off and float it into the East River and invite any country who thinks they could enjoy it to have it.
She's not going to be invited to a lot of after 5:00 cocktail parties in Manhattan where she'll be saluted by the swells.
But that's not why she's going and is why she's going to be terrific in that position. She's bold, strong, unafraid, and will take nothing off of any of them.
And we need to be bold. There's no reason that you have people like Iran and communist China on human rights committees, talking about human rights when they violate them more than anybody.
So it's time for a complete reset of our internal and international relationships. That's what Donald Trump is clearly setting out to do and I couldn't be more delighted to see this take place.
HANNITY: Well, one thing that has to happen if the world ever wants to have real peace and safety and security, we can never allow the Iranian mullahs with their radicalism to get nuclear weapons which they are desperately seeking and they have got to be stopped. They are the number one state sponsor of terror. I'd cut off their money.
And if they keep firing missiles at Israel, it's time to take out their refineries, take out their nuclear sites, and the world will be a better and safer place in my humble opinion.
Congratulations, Governor. I guess I should say ambassador. Thank you.
When we come back, Judge Merchan delaying the ruling in Donald Trump's criminal case in New York.
And Alina Habba reportedly emerging as a candidate for Trump's White House press secretary. She will join us with reaction. That's straight ahead.
(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
HANNITY: And now, tonight, the left wing's weaponization of justice against President-elect Trump continues to crumble. Earlier today, the judge in Donald Trump's falsified business document case, Judge Juan Merchan paused all court deadlines, including the November 26 sentencing date to consider the effect of his victory in last week's election.
Meanwhile, attorney for President Trump and his spokesman, legal spokesperson, Alina Habba, has according to reports emerged as a front runner for the role of White House press secretary.
Alina joins us now with reaction.
First, it was -- it was your legal team that in fact requested this -- this delay, indefinite delay. Finally, Judge Merchan agreed to something. But for all intent and purposes, isn't this case really dead?
ALINA HABBA, SENIOR ADVISOR TO PRESIDENT TRUMP: It was dead upon arrival, Sean. We know that. This case was never supposed to be brought. We also know that the DOJ had appointed people, Pomerantz included that were supposed to go in an investigate Trump before he decided to run for office and then when he decided to run for office, they brought charges.
We know what this has been. We've been talking about it for years. This was a sham trial that was brought to keep President Trump in the New York court as all these cases were, and they failed.
So, now, we have a judge who frankly should have dismissed it today. Hopefully, he will he should, and the Supreme Court has spoken on this. You know, it's exhausting to the American people at this point. I think I think they spoke loudly on November 5th about why they're tired of it and the direction the American people want to go, which is America first policies, security, economic prosperity, things like that, not these sham trials and not seeing people from the left put in DOJ's to attack political opponents.
They should never have been brought and if you actually look at it, Sean, this was a case that was denied. Nobody wanted to bring it. Cy Vance didn't want to bring it. Alvin Bragg didn't want to bring it.
And then you're looking at people like Jack Smith, $50 million we found out, $50 million of taxpayer dollars against going against a political opponent.
America's had enough. They spoke loudly on November 5th. So I'm looking forward to the next administration stopping this lawfare and witch hunt.
HANNITY: Okay. So let me ask you, what is the likely decision that the judge will make in this case when I guess it finally goes before him for a final adjudication?
HABBA: It should be dismissed. There's actual -- you know, first of all, there's testimony that came out that should not have come out. There's -- there's nothing that the president did wrong. This case was past the statue limitations.
Just like Tish James, just like everything else, this was a complete political opponent move. This has nothing to do with legal eloquence, legal lawfare statutes, it was a state case that was stacked so that they could make it a federal case to try and prevent him from becoming president.
And it didn't work, Sean. So, it should be dismissed. It should never have been brought and if judge Merchan wants to have any dignity any, any dignity from the American people in the robe in the office of all attorneys and judges and the DOJ, he should stop this nonsense right away.
HANNITY: As you pointed out, I mean, it was passed the statute of limitations. They did -- they stack charge upon charge upon charge. I think maybe one of the more egregious parts of this and evidence of the weaponization of Biden's DOJ is their third highest ranking official came in to help Alvin Bragg.
Nobody is going to give up that spot to go work for Alvin Bragg in New York City when they're the third highest official in the DOJ, but they did that anyway.
HABBA: Sean, I one up you on that. Take a look at the White House logs, take a look at the DAs and the AGs that have come in and coordinated with the president of the United States. That's a Harris administration. That's the woman that just ran against President Trump and lost in a major way.
America is done with this. We see it for what it is. It was lawfare. There is nothing he did wrong. They put his legal -- the judges, this -- they tried all the way up to the Supreme Court and lost, and there's a reason for that. The American people are speaking loudly. You cannot attack political opponents who have done nothing wrong.
You cannot put people from the DOJ. You cannot put Hillary Clinton's law firm in charge of prosecuting political opponents. It's un-American.
I hope that the American people never have to speak about this again. I really do and I believe President Trump will make sure of that.
HANNITY: Let's talk about the possibility and reports that you might be the president's press secretary. Any truth to it?
HABBA: I leave it to the president and three people that are on my board directors. That's Luke, Chloe and Parker, my children. Everybody will know in time.
HANNITY: All right. Now, I got to go in a little harder. Have -- have there been any discussions about it?
HABBA: Sean, you know me better than that. You would never have me on prime time if I answered questions like that. Look, President Trump has put together an amazing cabinet. I'm really proud of the work that him and his transition team have done.
I think when we look at everybody, they are killing it on all fronts. America's excited for -- frankly -- sorry to use Mrs. Walz's term, but turn a page. It's time to turn the page. It's time to have advocacy for America first.
And whatever that looks like for president Trump and his team, I trust it. It's a decision for all of them to make not me.
HANNITY: All right. Serious question, if you were asked to serve in that role or any other role, would you?
HABBA: I -- I am very loyal to President Trump. I would think about it, very seriously.
HANNITY: Okay. We appreciate it. Alina Habba, thank you.
When we come back, Trump derangement syndrome has spread like wildfire since the election. Okay, some women, they're now reconsidering having children. Others are stockpiling abortion pills. Some women are divorcing their husbands and refusing to have sex with their partners, can't make it up.
Dr. Drew Pinsky will help settle their minds, that is next. It's important, straight ahead.
(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
HANNITY: All right. Election night was exactly one week ago and the left is still not taking the laws well at all. In fact some are resorting to pretty extreme measures.
According to reports, some liberal women they are now embracing something called the 4B movement where they are swearing off physical, romantic relationships with men. They're shaving their head. They are stockpiling abortion pills. They are vowing to never have children.
Some liberal women are planning to wear blue bracelets to signal to each other that they are liberal. Other women that are on the left are slamming the idea saying it is only -- well, performative virtue signaling.
And now, the media mob is getting in on the action by playing to the worst fears of their liberal audience. "The Washington Post" is now offering a guide on how Americans can flee to other countries. Don't let the door hit you on the ass on the way out. That's my advice. If you don't want to be here you don't have to be here. I believe in freedom.
The co-hosts of that hard-hitting news show "The View" say it's okay to boycott Thanksgiving gatherings hosted by relatives that are Trump supporters. Take a look.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I completely understand her point because I really do feel that this candidate, you know, President-elect Trump, is just a different type of candidate, from the things he's said and the things he's done and the things he will do, it's more of a moral issue for me. And so I think when people feel that someone voted not only against their families but against them and against people that they loved, I think it's okay to take a beat.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
HANNITY: All right. Here with reaction, he is the chief patient officer at the Wellness Company, Dr. Drew Pinsky is with us.
All right. So women are shaving their heads. They're pledging to either divorce their husbands or partners or don't have sex with them. They're stockpiling abortion pills. They're getting advice from "The Washington Post" on how to leave the country.
Maybe they believed their own lies or the lies that were told during and the hyperbole and the hype and the misinformation during the campaign because there's no reason to leave. I will be the first person to stand up for their right to say stupid things if they want.
DR. DREW PINSKY MD, CHIEF PATIENT OFFICER AT THE WELLNESS COMPANY: Yep, yep. Well, I'm just glad to see that they move from the blue talisman over their face and nose to a blue talisman bracelet on their wrist, because it's the same damn thing. And the whole headline here, Sean, is hysteria. Hysteria and delusion and the source of this has been mainstream media.
The American public has been propagandized to the point that they literally become mentally ill and the thing about delusionality is it can't be be reasoned with. We have literally been through a stage of delusion that started with the first Trump presidency it was put into absolute orbit with COVID.
We now have the new HHS document that showed how the propaganda was done. How many hundreds of millions of dollars were spent, and vulnerable people were affected by this. And I would say the way to deal with your family are like members that are like this, A, compassionate, firmness, firmness. Not rationality, not discourse because argumentation will not work, they are delusional.
But firmness because the reality is this is like a cult. What do cults do? They separate families. They separate the cult member from the family, and this is how they get their way we must fight against that.
HANNITY: All right. If you look at the nine years and every major newspaper in the country, three broadcast channels in the country, every liberal news channel in the country, it was almost 24/7, I hate Donald Trump, Donald Trump is bad, he's evil, he's this, he's that.
PINSKY: Sure.
HANNITY: The amazing thing to me, the outcome of this election, all the celebrity endorsements didn't matter, all the musicians playing concerts that didn't matter, all of the legacy media attacking Trump didn't matter, and the American people didn't listen to them. And I've been making the statement that legacy media in America is dead.
Am I wrong because if they had any influence at all -- this would not have been the blowout election it became?
PINSKY: As my old friend Adam Carolla said to me just yesterday, he said it's like they had a magic wand and the batteries worn out. They're shaking the wand but there's the batteries aren't working anymore.
And so, the reality is and this is the way I've been thinking about it, it's that this is old timey stuff. These celebrities are celebrities from the `70s and `80s who used to have sway over our culture and the people that are advocating these old timey strategies -- look, Joe Rogan has the influence, not Julia Roberts and people cannot get that into their heads.
There are people -- I was talking to a 40-year-old today, didn't really know who Johnny Carson was, didn't really understand who Valerie Bertinelli was who was attacking me and Adam Carolla during the COVID epidemic. They never heard of these people and if they had heard of them they have no real relevance in their life.
It's old, timey, old-fashioned. It is time to move on to the new era. The late night is gone, so many things are over. Gutfeld is the king of late night, he still has sway but this is a new way of doing things.
HANNITY: Well, I would argue in terms of late night comedy shows, I mean, the countdown to cancellation is on. I don't think those shows will survive and that means Kimmel, that means Colbert, that means Fallon because they're not funny and Greg Gutfeld is funny.
You got to laugh. You mentioned Julia Roberts. It might have been the funniest political ad in some ways but the saddest in another way where she is telling people narrating a video of a wife going into a voting booth, you -- you don't have to tell that evil husband of yours that you're not voting for Trump. Your vote is private.
Or George Clooney doing the same thing on the other end. You can still be your bro and act like you're voting for Trump. What is that?
PINSKY: I got to tell you, if that's actually -- listen, if that was act -- I'm a mandated reporter in my state. If that is actually going on, I have to fill out a bunch of paperwork to report these people for domestic abuse and that leads to domestic violence. Are they implying that all marriages in this country are just on the verge of domestic violence? Is that the implication?
It -- and by the way, I would say there are many more men keeping their mouth shut about what they doing in the voting booth.
HANNITY: They're saying lie to your husband and lie to your best friends instead of are you -- are you -- are you that?
PINSKY: It's so sick.
HANNITY: Are you -- but they lack pride in their candidate. They have to hide their vote and not admit what they really believe?
First of all, is that real marriage? Is that a real friendship? I don't think so.
PINSKY: We have -- we have a saying in my field is you're as sick as your secrets. How about the fact that we couldn't express ourselves? I don't know if you experienced this but I noticed that after the election when the American people made a pretty substantial statement, you kind of felt like speech was back, like you could start to talk you could have an opinion and you could have some affect with that opinion.
Sunny Hostin, who I've had nothing but affection for whenever I've dealt with her, she's talking about a moral issue as it pertains to a somebody voting for somebody, exactly what is the moral issue? What is she talking about? We are throwing things around.
What -- where's the morality? Adam Smith was a moral philosopher, how would he interpret exactly what the moral issue is for going in and issuing a vote? It's wild.
HANNITY: Thanksgiving dinner, wham, throw the turkey leg, throw the mashed potatoes.
Let me ask you one last thing --
PINSKY: No, no, no, don't, don't. Either be stay quiet or just be really firm and direct and be compassionate and feel sorry for people that are in a delusional state.
HANNITY: I'm not advocating. I'm joking.
All right. So when you tell people like Kamala Harris did, and she lies to old people, seniors, and says he's going to take away your Social Security and Medicare, and it's completely a lie. When she said in her closing speech in D.C. that Donald Trump will sign a national abortion ban, limit access to contraception and stop IVF, all lies, do people believe the lie? How much of -- how much responsibility does she bear?
PINSKY: Well, I -- you know, it's hard for me to direct it at her because she was so much a part of a general chorus of waving their magic wand without the batteries working.
HANNITY: Those words came out of her mouth, man.
PINSKY: But -- but listen -- but listen, the whole thing about women creating being fearful about abortions or being able to get pregnant because they might not be able to get an abortion, if their life is endangered, I looked up the data on that by the Kaiser Family Foundation today. Guess what the exception rate is for among states that have rest restricted abortion? A hundred percent exception if the mother's life is in danger.
Why -- it's misogynistic. It's disgusting to whip people into a frenzy.
HANNITY: But you know what? Those words came out of her mouth. So I think she bears responsibility for that.
PINSKY: Fair enough.
HANNITY: Dr. Drew, we might need you back on regular basis. The country -- half the country is in -- well, 45 percent of the country is melting down. We appreciate your time.
When we come back, the trial of marine vet Daniel Penny underway in New York City. Gregg Jarrett, Alan Dershowitz weigh in, straight ahead.
(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
HANNITY: All right. A huge case now underway in New York City, marine veteran Daniel Penny is now on trial for manslaughter after placing a homeless man Jordan Neely in a chokehold on the subway in May of 2023 after Neely issued violent threats to his fellow passengers. Nelly was pronounced dead following the incident.
Keep in mind, Nelly had a whopping 42 prior arrests including multiple alleged assaults, for prosecutors are attempting to make this case about racial bias criticizing Penny's indifference towards Nelly in their opening statement. But as the defenses argued, Penny sprung into action to protect those around him, citing that Neely was seething and psychotic when he got on the train saying, quote, I'm going to kill everybody and I could go to prison forever and I don't care.
One witness telling the jury that she thought she was going to die when Neely got on the subway and felt a sense of relief when Penny restrained him while other witnesses have recounted the incident in a similar fashion.
And in a bombshell testimony from the man who helped Penny hold Neely down the witness said that Penny wasn't holding tight enough and that Neely still had a pulse when they released him as they were waiting for police to arrive at the scene, which raised us another question, why aren't police there? Why did it take them so long to get there?
Here now with reaction, FOX News legal analyst Gregg Jarrett, along with Harvard law professor Alan Dershowitz is with us.
All right. So we have one woman and others saying that they thought they were going to die. Here's a guy that says I'm going to kill everybody. I could go to prison forever and I don't care, 42 prior arrests and now this former marine faces 19 years in prison, Professor? Tell me why this trial has even taken place?
ALAN DERSHOWITZ, HARVARD LAW PROFESSOR: It shouldn't take place. This is Bragg at its worst. The only reason this trial has occurred is because the racial components are such that there was pressure on him to bring the case. It never ever should have been brought.
First of all, you know the jury is not going to know about his 42 priors, the jury however is going to see the videotape and any reasonable person seeing the videotape would say, look, this is too close a case, this is not a criminal case.
A criminal case should involve overwhelming evidence. It shouldn't involve a plausible theory of guilt, a plausible theory of innocent. That's what prosecutors are supposed to be trained to avoid. So this is a case that never ever should have been brought. I don't believe it's going to result in a conviction.
People who want to the go on the subways when they hear somebody yell, I'm going to kill you. I don't care if I go to jail, are in fear of their lives. And when you're in fear of your life, what you hope for is a Good Samaritan who's going to jump in and protect you and we ought to always err on the side of protecting Good Samaritans to encourage them, even if in a given case maybe, maybe in retrospect he held him in the chokehold a little too long. We should always resolve doubts in favor of the Good Samaritan.
HANNITY: I'm going to kill everybody. I could go to prison forever, and then all the witnesses saying that they thought they were going to die, Gregg Jarrett, it bothers me that the jury cannot know the full story of this man and his history of criminal activity because they need to know.
GREGG JARRETT, FOX NEWS LEGAL ANALYST: Well, but that's the law, Sean, because the passengers and Penny didn't know that. But I agree this prosecution should never have been brought. It's a classic case of defense of another. If Penny believed that passengers were in imminent danger of death or serious bodily injury, he is entitled under the law to act as he did, even a mistaken belief is justified under the law.
But he wasn't mistaken, Sean. A parade of witnesses as you point out testified they feared for their lives. One woman said, you know, I thought I truly was going to die. They told the jury how relieved they were that Penny saved them, came to their rescue, intervened to protect them.
These jurors well know just how perilous the subway is in New York because for too long, liberal mayors and prosecutors like Alvin Bragg have allowed criminals to victimize writers with impunity. Used to be a safe place but now it is a death trap.
I tell my daughters, do not go there. So I do not see a jury fed up with crime in New York city handing back a guilty verdict.
And the other component is race you have to ask this. Was it brought because Penny is white and Nelly is black? The lead prosecutor answered that question when she hinted to the jury that the accused is a racist and then another prosecutor allowed a witness to repeatedly call Penny a white man.
That is outrageous. It is unethical, if this case had anything to do with race, Penny would have been charged with a hate crime. He was not.
HANNITY: If this man is put in jail, nobody -- there will never be a Good Samaritan ever to step forward again. And people will be injured and people may likely die.
I hope the jury does the right thing.
Thank you both.
More "Hannity" straight ahead.
(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
HANNITY: All right. Unfortunately that is all the time we have left this evening. As always, thank you for being with us, and making this show possible.
Please set your DVRs so you never, ever miss an episode of Hannity. For news anytime, every time, all the time, foxnews.com, hannity.com.
And in the meantime, let not your heart be troubled. Greg Gutfeld standing by to put a smile on your face. Have a great night.
Classification


Language: ENGLISH

Document-Type: Show

Publication-Type: Transcript

Transcript: 111201cb.253

Subject: HOLIDAYS & OBSERVANCES (90%); THANKSGIVING (90%); GOVERNMENT ADVISORS & MINISTERS (89%); GOVERNMENT BODIES & OFFICES (89%); LEGISLATIVE BODIES (89%); NATIONAL SECURITY & FOREIGN RELATIONS (89%); US INDEPENDENCE DAY (89%); FAR LEFT POLITICS (78%); GOVERNMENT & PUBLIC ADMINISTRATION (78%); INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS & NATIONAL SECURITY (78%); NEGATIVE POLITICAL NEWS (78%); FAMILY (76%); ARMIES (72%); DEFENSE DEPARTMENTS (69%); INTELLIGENCE SERVICES (69%); NATIONAL SECURITY (69%); NEGATIVE NEWS (65%); ARMED FORCES (64%); SEPARATISM & SECESSION (63%); ANNIVERSARIES (50%); Donald Trump (%); Democratic Party (%); Government (%); Politics (%)

Company:  FOX ENTERTAINMENT GROUP INC (91%)

Industry: NAICS516120 TELEVISION BROADCASTING STATIONS (91%); SIC4833 TELEVISION BROADCASTING STATIONS (91%); ARMIES (72%); DEFENSE DEPARTMENTS (69%); ARMED FORCES (64%)

Person: DONALD TRUMP (92%); ELON MUSK (91%); KRISTI NOEM (79%); MICHAEL WALTZ (79%); SEAN HANNITY (79%); MICHAEL HUCKABEE (58%); MARCO RUBIO (50%)

Geographic: ARKANSAS, USA (79%); SOUTH DAKOTA, USA (79%); UNITED STATES (92%); AFGHANISTAN (79%); IRAQ (79%)

Load-Date: November 13, 2024


End of Document
