



Fox News INGRAHAM ANGLE 7:00 PM EST
November 7, 2024 Thursday


Copyright 2024 Fox News Network LLC All Rights Reserved 
Section: NEWS; Domestic
Length: 7075 words
Byline: Bret Baier, Laura Ingraham
Guests: Dave McCormick, Lara Trump, Tulsi Gabbard, Chris Landau, Aldo Buttazzoni, Brianna Lyman
Body


BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS HOST: -- mass illegal immigrant deportation. What that looks like. Remember, if you can't catch us live, set your DVR, 06:00 p.m. in the East, 03:00 p.m. on the West Coast. You can follow me on Instagram @bretbaier, exclusive behind the scenes, photos, videos. Had a good time up in New York for all the election stuff. Thanks for inviting us into your home tonight. That's it for this Special Report. Fair, balanced and still unafraid. The Ingraham Angle starts now.
LAURA INGRAHAM, FOX NEWS HOST: Good evening, everyone. I'm Laura Ingraham. This is The Ingraham Angle reporting from Washington tonight. Thank you, as always, for spending some time with us. Now this is a Fox News Alert. I guess Mark Cuban was on to something, because Donald Trump is so threatened by strong, intelligent women that he just announced his first major staff pick, and it's his campaign chief, Susie Wiles.
Now, Susie Wiles will be the Chief of Staff of the White House. She's a political veteran, tough as nails, and this is something that you have to know about Susie. She's a rarity in politics. Why? She never wants credit. She just wants to get things done.
Now, one of her top conditions for taking the job, apparently, was that she wanted to be a real gatekeeper for people who can walk into the Oval Office, people who can't. And the quote is the clown car can't come into the White House at will, a source telling CNN. All right, that means gone is going to be the stream of informal advisors, friends, relatives. You know, we all have them, but in the White House, it gets very chaotic who had access to President Trump during his first term, and sometimes complicated the job for his chiefs of staff. So that will be a change. Now, Wiles kept the campaign really disciplined and focused on the road and to great success. So congrats to Susie.
And in more news tonight, a huge Senate pickup in Pennsylvania, where Republican Dave McCormick has unseated incumbent Democrat Senator Bob Casey. Now, of course, Trump won the key battleground state by 2 percent, but many thought that Casey, with his last name, of course, iconic in the state, his father was governor, would be able to hold on. But no, it was not the case.
Joining us now, Pennsylvania Senator-elect, I love saying that, Dave McCormick. Congrats, Dave, Senator-elect, sorry. So what made the difference here? I know you're giddy tonight.
DAVE MCCORMICK (R-PA), U.S. SENATOR-ELECT: Yes. Well, good evening, Laura. Thanks for having me. You know, I think what made the difference is people want change. They -- I think they represented that desire for change by electing President Trump. I think the same with me. They're deeply distressed by the skyrocketing prices, the wide open border, the crime in our cities, the war on fossil fuels. And they want change and common sense leadership and that's why I think they elected President Trump, and I think that's why they have elected me.
And, you know, I've got to tell you, I'm honored to do it. I'm so excited. It's critical time for our country and honored to represent the great people of Pennsylvania. Regardless of party, by the way, represent, you know, Democrats, Republicans, independents.
INGRAHAM: You bet.
MCCORMICK: My job represent every single one of them.
INGRAHAM: Now, Senator, Casey has not yet conceded, which is a bit surprising. His campaign, in a statement said, as the Pennsylvania Secretary of State said this afternoon, there are tens of thousands of ballots across the Commonwealth still to count, the races within a half a point and cannot be called while the votes of thousands of Pennsylvanians are still being counted, we'll make sure every Pennsylvanians voice is heard. Senator-elect, any concerns there?
MCCORMICK: Well, you know, listen, the reason I think the AP called the race is they saw the same thing we saw, which is, I have 30,000 or more than 30,000 votes lead in the race right now. And the outstanding counties, Cambria County, which I'm winning 75 percent of the vote, and there's, you know, 20,000, 30,000 more votes to be counted. So there's no mathematical path for Senator Casey winning. And I think that's -- I think that's why the AP called, that's why we, we've had so much confidence.
But, but listen, I lost an election by 900 votes. So I know, I know, I know you got to process it. I know Senator Casey has got to process this, and he's been in elected office for 30 years. His family's had a great history of public service, and so, you know he's going to have to find his way to the right answer. But I think the math is indisputable, and I think that's why the AP called it, and why we're confident moving forward to start preparing to be the next senator from Pennsylvania.
INGRAHAM: And Senator, Republicans have for race after race, year after year, they've kind of written off Philly. And the joke is, you can always find the votes in Philly, it's always a running joke, late at night, you can find the votes where you need them, if you're Democrat, but you did find some fertile ground here for Republican growth. Again, why is that? And what can Republicans learn going forward into the midterms?
MCCORMICK: Well, listen, I am -- I tried to campaign across our great Commonwealth and those suburbs in the cities, I didn't -- I didn't think those weren't fertile ground for us. Even though they're majority Democrats. These problems, whether it's skyrocketing prices, or the crime, or obviously the fentanyl that comes from the wide open border, those are affecting all of Pennsylvania.
And so, I started my race, I started to talk about issues and leadership and the kinds of common sense solutions we need to the problems. I think that appealed to people and listen, I also think they don't want career politicians. They want change. And I represented change. I, you know, I was someone who was saying, we don't want to make incremental changes. We need to shake things up. That's my campaign.
INGRAHAM: And you actually showed up in Philly and in some of these tough neighborhoods where again Republicans don't like to go there, but you actually campaigned there. That also sends a message to people that they're not forgotten. It doesn't matter if you didn't vote for them last time around, you are not forgotten. And I think, and I'm going to talk about this in a moment, this has to be the strategy going forward in every state across the country. Do you agree with that? And then you can answer about how soon fracking is going to resume.
MCCORMICK: Well, listen, I absolutely agree with that. I think, I think party affiliation is up for grabs. I don't think people identify themselves as clearly as Republican or Democrat. They want problem solvers. And so whether it's the Jewish community or the trade unions, or the African American community, or the Hispanic community, I looked at all of those as a place where I could bring leadership and common sense solutions, and so, I spent a lot of time campaigning there and fortunately, it paid off. And I'm honored about that.
In terms of fracking, I want to have the conversation stop being about banning fracking which, which, by the way, you can ban fracking without actually banning it. You can ban it with red tape --
INGRAHAM: Yes, regulations.
MCCORMICK: -- regulations. I want to talk about doubling, tripling, quadrupling fracking in Pennsylvania, because we need the pipelines. We need the energy source to create great paying jobs. We need it to be energy dominant from a national security perspective, and that natural, beautiful, clean natural gas is the key to reducing carbon emissions around the world. So I think it's a great opportunity to offer something to Pennsylvania, but also the rest of the country and the rest of the world.
INGRAHAM: And Senator-elect, do you believe that you can work with your colleague, soon to be colleague, John Fetterman, who has some populist tendencies. You hear them come out every now and then, as well as people like Chuck Schumer, but specifically your colleague from your state.
MCCORMICK: Well, he's not always -- he's not always been nice to me on social media, but I absolutely think that I'll be able to find ways to work with him. Listen, we probably disagree on 90 percent of things. There's no doubt he's got a very different view of economic policies. He's much more of an avowed socialist, and I'm certainly think free enterprise is the path to the future.
But he's been incredibly strong on fighting back on antisemitism. He's been incredibly strong support of Israel. He's been one of the rare Democrats who has actually called out the crisis on the border. So I think he's a man that speaks his mind, and I admire that. And when he speaks his mind about something where I think he and I can work together, I'll be the first to try to do that.
And listen, these problems, as I said, don't lend themselves to one party. They're problems that affect everybody. So, you know, I'm going to be one who fights for on principle, for what I believe is right. But I'm also somebody who knows that you got to find common ground with others to be able to make things happen.
INGRAHAM: Yes, and especially on those jobs in Pennsylvania that you all need desperately, good paying jobs, and Fetterman should be in favor of all that. Senator-elect, thank you very much. And congratulations. You worked your butt off. So thank you so much.
MCCORMICK: Thanks for having me.
INGRAHAM: You're welcome. And now California, here we come. That's the focus of tonight's Angle.
All right, it's not even been, what, 48 hours since we learned that Donald Trump blew the doors off the presidential race. And our so-called experts, they kind of remain in a suspended state of shock, shock by President Trump's strength across pretty much all demographic groups.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
JOE SCARBOROUGH, MSNBC ANCHOR: Donald Trump has in 2024 put together a working class coalition of white working class voters and working class voters of people of color.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The Democrats are in danger of becoming a regional coastal party.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The curious visit by Donald Trump to the South Bronx to have a rally back in May. And a lot of people who didn't get it said, what's he doing there? Well, it's clear what he was doing. He was sending the message to people there, to Latino Americans, to black Americans, that I see you, I hear you, I care about you.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
INGRAHAM: Well, not only did Trump grow his support among Hispanics, among young people, African American men, he grew his support in deep blue states that he lost. In New York, where Trump lost by almost 23 points in 2020. On Tuesday, he cut that margin in half. And then in New Jersey in 2020 and we saw a little bit of this with that governor's race that was so close, Trump lost by a whopping 16 points to Biden, but this time, he came within five points of Harris. This is incredibly encouraging for Republicans.
Now, basically the same story in Illinois, where Trump also cut his deficit there by about a half. So, as these numbers settle in, you have to wonder, do Democrats or their informal advisors, and they recognize some of the problems, you could hear that in those clips that we played, but do they really show signs of understanding what substantively went wrong?
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Trump was very good at sending cultural signals. Virtually every Democrat I've talked to has said we cannot win if our people are not on these podcasts, these bro podcasts.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: They're on TikTok and whether it's teenagers or college kids or people in their 20s, and Donald Trump is a superstar.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We got to watch this.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: And it's not about politics, it's not about policy, it's about a pop cultural movement.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
INGRAHAM: Again, I don't want to beat up on people who lost this race, but that's a total misreading of the situation. The only reason Trump could have those moments, those viral moments, is because he, in fact, offered the right policies, and he had a fantastic record on inflation, on wages and the border, and as for sending cultural signals, well, that wasn't it either. He spoke to the real concerns of people. He didn't just say, I care about you. He spoke to their concerns. And then he took it a step further, because he advanced common sense solutions.
Boys shouldn't be in girls' sports. DEI is unfair and unworkable. Your taxes are too high. The jobs you're getting aren't paying you enough. I'll change all that. That was clear. But of course, messaging is important, but what the Democrats had was not a comms problem. Remember, that's what the Biden-Harris people kept thinking over the last two years, if we only have a better comm strategy. That was never it. It was always the policies that were terrible.
The Biden and Harris wrecked the economy. They flung open the border. They did it on purpose. Hispanics understood what was going on. Young people saw what was going on, and more women recognized all of this than the Democrats ever predicted they would. Yet there is little to no recognition still expressed over the past two days of how calamitous all of this was to working people. By the way, the working people of all backgrounds who began to flee their party, their Democrat party in Wisconsin and Michigan, Pennsylvania and beyond. By the way, their messaging on abortion. How much did we hear about abortion over the past five months? It was totally off. And frankly, in the end, I think a lot of women were insulted by it.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
DANA BASH, CNN ANCHOR: The question about whether or not women were going to come out for Kamala Harris, whether or not men were going to come out for Kamala Harris in a post-Roe world on that issue. And if you just look at, for example, suburban women, they -- according to the national polls, they went for Trump.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
INGRAHAM: Yes. Well, guess what? Women actually, you know, see the grocery bills. Women understand the heating oil costs in the winter. They get all that. They see the problem with migrant crime. They're not one issue voters. They never have been. We tried to warn the Democrats, they didn't listen to us.
Now the stark reality for them is a huge opportunity for Republicans. So after three and a half years of high prices the open border, enthusiasm for the Democrats, it's just -- it's astounding. It took a major hit across the whole country. And meanwhile, Trump grew his support for the GOP everywhere from Brooklyn to Philadelphia to Cook County in Illinois. So here is an idea.
When Trump, you know, realized, finally, OK, I've won this thing, and now we know he won. Here is the next tour. I know they are tired of tours and rallies maybe, but why not go to the major blue cities that he never really had the chance to visit during the campaign? Go to Boston, go to San Francisco, go to LA, go to Chicago, spend some time in Seattle, maybe even Portland, Oregon. Go to places like that. Go there with all this momentum and the wind he has at his back and make it very clear that he loves those cities.
He loves the people of those cities, even if they didn't support him, and he's proud to be their president, and that he's going to do everything possible to serve them and their interests during his time in office, those cities have to be rebuilt. They have to be rethought, and he's the perfect person to do that. And he should, yes, and everyone always says, I'm crazy when I say this, but he should make a big play for California, where, by the way, we heard today that Gavin Newsom is setting the stage for massive resistance against the Trump agenda. Well, we know that's all about Gavin in 2028.
But the truth is, well, Gav's party lost support in 2024 even in California, because in 2020 Trump got 34.3 percent of the vote there, and as of now, 56 percent of the vote there counted, he has 40 percent of the vote. So I think the time has come to really go after the vote in California, in a common sense populist, attractive way, bring it home, bring California back to the GOP. That's where it belongs.
I'd send Elon Musk out there. I'd said Vance out there. Spend lots of time, lots of energy talking to Californians, especially to the growing Hispanic voters in Southern California, and the 2028 Olympics are going to be out there, so it gives you a great chance. And while we're at it, why not have the 2028 convention out there? I know we just finished this race. I know I'm thinking of 2028, because the more money the Democrats spend to defend California, the less they're going to have to create havoc for good candidates in the rest of the country.
So, Republicans have nothing to lose and everything to gain by making an all-out effort to flip California. And my friends, it's time to end the division between the red states and the blue states. Bring the country together, and if anyone can do this, Trump can. And that's the Angle.
Joining me now, Lara Trump, RNC Co-Chair. Lara, I know you're thinking, I just got finished with this race, and Ingraham is already pushing me on 2028, but it's a compliment to you, because of the great success the party had in growing its base and beyond to all these demographic groups that sometimes had been written off by Republicans, to be perfectly candid. So how does the party plan on taking this success and blowing it out to really, really go after some of these blue or blue states?
LARA TRUMP, CO-CHAIR, RNC: Yes, give us an hour, Laura, my gosh, yes, we just finished this one, but I agree with you. Listen, we've always had to be forward thinking if we're going to win, and that's why Donald Trump won this election. He did go, you know, you talk about the South Bronx. That rally in the Bronx was really epic, and it really caught the Democrats off- guard. And he did go to other places.
Now you're right. He didn't go to every blue city in America, but he went a lot of places. He showed up in Atlanta, he showed up in Detroit. He went to these places because he believed that he had to ask for people's votes, and he wanted them to know, yes, I'm here. I want to hear from you. I want to be your president. And it obviously paid off. But I think the amazing thing with this election right now that we just had you saw how the numbers of people coming out for Donald Trump truly were historic.
In almost every voting bloc, Donald Trump gained voters. This party gained voters, and we want to expand the base of the party. This is a party for every person in America. It doesn't matter what you look like, it doesn't matter your religion, it doesn't matter -- we don't care who you love. We want you in this party, and we want you as a voter. And I think Donald Trump, he's always said that success will unify us. I think that's going to happen during his second term in office. And I think a lot of people are taking another look at the Republican Party, because we are a party for everybody.
INGRAHAM: Yes, so that, that moment for him in Detroit with the pastors, the South Bronx. You know, he spent a little bit of time in California, but you see my point that you all put together a strategy based on the 50 state strategy. It was a national campaign. Republicans kept making the mistake of going regional. You went national, and I think that completely took the Democrats off-guard. I don't think they were ready for it. And I think you, you rocked their world because they had more money, three times the money you all had.
So you had less money, you had fewer volunteers at one point, and yet you had the policies and committed people on the ground to make a difference that that stunned me. I got to say just, just the organization of it, Lara, you've never done anything like this before. What was the one thing you learned from these last two years?
L. TRUMP: Oh my gosh. I mean, I've learned a lot in the last nine years. Certainly all of us in the Trump family have. I probably know more about election integrity than I ever anticipated, but I think that was -- that had to happen in this election. Look, we had to restore people's faith in our electoral process, and I really feel like we did it this election. We wanted to send a message out there to people, don't even try it. But we also had to reassure our voters that, yes, when you come out and vote, it is going to be worth it. Your vote will matter, and your vote will count. And I think that that was very powerful for a lot of people, so I probably had a quick lesson on a lot of things, but those of us in the Trump family are very quick studies, we've had to learn and pack it all in the past nine years. And it's really been an honor.
I mean, I was honored to be a part of this team. I think it's absolutely incredible. It's historic. And I'm incredibly proud, of course, of my father-in-law, no one deserves it more than he does.
INGRAHAM: Lara, your reaction to the Susie Wiles pick for Chief of Staff, just like with you and Kellyanne, all these people over the years. I guess he just doesn't like strong, intelligent women.
L. TRUMP: Yes, yes, sorry to tell Mark Cuban about that. This is a great pick, obviously. Susie was a reason, one of the big parts of our campaign, and one of the big reasons that Donald Trump is going to be the 47th President. She's going to do an incredible job. And honestly, I was sort of shocked to know that there had never been a woman as Chief of Staff before. So congratulations to Susie Wiles. She deserves it, and leave it to Donald Trump, of all people, Laura, to appoint the first woman. Glass ceiling broken. You're welcome, Democrats.
INGRAHAM: All right, that's history. That's history, but he won't get credit for that. Laura, congratulations and thank you very much. All right. Tulsi Gabbard has a lot to say about this and more coming up.
(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We've accepted a narrative that despite an actually great economic recovery, the vibes don't feel good, so we want to reject it and get something else. What will the future hold now that America has just decided that we're going to F around and find out.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
INGRAHAM: I don't even know what that means, but the Left is blaming everyone everything, trying to find something to blame for Kamala's lost but and they still don't realize that they're just totally out of touch with the concerns of everyday Americans.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
SCARBOROUGH: Somebody who is going to be voting for Kamala Harris came up to me and said, oh, my God, Trump's going to win. I go, why is that? Because I just, I went to the grocery store, butter is over $3. I kind of laughed.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: 7.
SCARBOROUGH: What's that?
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: $7.
SCARBOROUGH: Butter is $7.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes.
SCARBOROUGH: What? Is it framed in gold?
(END VIDEO CLIP)
INGRAHAM: Right. OK, did he not realize that gas had gone up? I realize the gas goes up like several times a week. Joining me now, Tulsi Gabbard, former Democrat, co-chair of Trump's transition team. OK, Tulsi, maybe that was like a joke, I can't really tell, but it does kind of bring to bear what's really at stake in politics in general. Do you really get what bothers the American people and have a solution to fix it, but they still think this is largely a communications problem with the American people. Your response to the head scratching on the other side?
TULSI GABBARD, FORMER U.S. CONGRESSWOMAN: Yes, Laura, you know that that clip you played from MSNBC first really kind of said it all is, is they continue to think that they are awesome. They did a great job. Look at this huge economic recovery. Why don't the American people know this or appreciate this? They are so out of touch with the hardships and the reality that the American people have been living through over these last four years.
They sit in their ivory tower eating their cake and look down on the people who are struggling and suffering, saying, oh, gosh, I don't know what's wrong. The reality is that President Trump went out and traveled across the country. He listens, he sees people and he recognizes the challenges they face and tells them that he will work for them. He's got a four year track record of doing that during his first administration, so they believe him when he says, I'm going to bring down the cost of living. They believe him when he says, I am committed to preventing World War III. He's the -- Kamala Harris, I don't think she ever once mentioned nuclear war, not during her four years as Vice President, not during this campaign.
President Trump, almost everywhere he went, talked about the seriousness of the threat of nuclear war, and that we are closer to the brink than ever before because of Kamala Harris and Joe Biden, and that he'll do all that he can to prevent nuclear war. These are the kinds of things that drove people from across party lines, from across the demographics, to say, yes, my vote is with Donald Trump.
INGRAHAM: You know, I think a lot of folks in the Democrat Party weren't as much concerned about making America economically strong again, or certainly not making America great again, but they were very worried about making Ukraine great and safe again. And this is some of the reaction.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: One of our closest Democratic allies Ukraine now depends on a man who has criticized Ukraine, has attacked the support we have given Ukraine.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I'm heartbroken for the people of Ukraine, because I am terrified about what is going to happen in a Trump administration.,
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: A Ukrainian soldier in the trenches as their ally just abandoned them, is wondering what I'm going to do next.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
INGRAHAM: Tulsi has Donald Trump abandoned the people of Ukraine? Or will he?
GABBARD: Donald Trump is standing with the American people, Laura, I was with people in Western North Carolina in and around the communities surrounding Ashville the day before Election Day. And you know what I heard from them? They are coming home from funerals of their loved ones.
They are telling me, hey, we still have over 500 people who have not been found in the wake of Hurricane Helene, and it's been over a month. Why aren't those talking heads talking about the American people who need a president who has their back?
President Trump has their back and this is why he's earned their trust and their confidence.
INGRAHAM: Tulsi, and I know you're not going to answer this, but I'm going to ask anyway, can we see you or will we see you perhaps in the administration?
GABBARD: That's a question only President Trump can answer.
INGRAHAM: Will you take, you know, like the lower level job, like special assistant to the undersecretary at HHS? I mean, like something like that? I mean, I'm just teasing. Because he doesn't like strong, intelligent women.
GABBARD: Right, yeah, exactly, clearly. And congratulations to Susie Wiles. She is fantastic. I've so enjoyed working with her. She is a straight shooter and I'm looking forward to seeing her as Chief of Staff.
INGRAHAM: Her source was quoted as saying, the clown show is basically not going to have access to the Oval Office, essentially, I'm paraphrasing, but the word clown show was used. Is that a good thing?
GABBARD: Yeah, you know, she works very well with President Trump. I think she did -- she is of great credit to winning this campaign and being able to make sure that the train didn't go off the rails. And so, you know, I think she's going to do a fantastic job as White House Chief of Staff.
President Trump seeks counsel from those that he wants to, but Susie Wiles will provide a great leadership on his behalf in running that place.
INGRAHAM: Tulsi, always great to see you. Congratulations. All the hard work you put in. And coming up, Trump is elected again, just not even 48 hours ago. He's already, already securing the border. How can that be? We'll explain it next.
(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
INGRAHAM: A massive caravan of migrants, 3,000 strong was making its way through Mexico to our southern border, but I don't know, President Trump's victory already seems to be having a pretty positive impact for America. Reuters is reporting that today the caravan shrunk down to about half its original size. And obviously the Biden administration is not going to do anything to stop the ones who do show up.
NBC News already says DHS is working on what they're calling contingency plans for this surge of migrants, questioning whether the numbers will overwhelm the system and just force agents to release them into the U.S. with court dates set years into the future, which of course they'll never show up for.
Joining me now, Texas Lieutenant Governor Dan Patrick. Dan, I call him Alejandro Mayor -- you're welcome to come right in. OK, because basically if you're making your way to the border, they'll figure out a way to allow you to stay here.
But they tried to lead people to believe before the vote that they had really gotten tough on the border. But what do Americans need to understand tonight in these 74 days before Trump is inaugurated?
LT. GOV. DAN PATRICK (R-TX): Well, the American people, and thanks for having me on, Laura, of course. The American people need to understand that over the last four years, somewhere between 16 and 18 million people have come here illegally. We don't know where hundreds of thousands of children are. They're probably being sex trafficked, sadly, tragically.
We know we have apprehended a terrorist crossing the Texas border. We know we have criminals committing horrendous crimes all over the country. And tonight, I'm so relaxed. I'm so at ease because I know the cavalry just arrive on Tuesday night, and America has gotten a reprieve. And Donald Trump is going to come in here and this is going to be get shut down.
Trust me, we spent four billion dollars in our last budget and we've done that now three sessions, I think, in a row to secure our border, that's money we could use for our taxpayers. I mean, four billion dollars for to cut taxes, to put in our infrastructure.
So, I'm going to guarantee the American public tonight, Donald Trump, President Donald Trump, Greg Abbott, and Dan Patrick are going to close this sucker down. And so, you know, a word, if anyone wants to translate to them, to the criminals who have come across the border, you might want to try to illegally go back into Mexico, because we're going to throw you out. Serious business -
INGRAHAM: How is that going to work, Dan? Dan, so deportation of the numbers of people that we're talking about, which is millions, practically speaking, how will you assist the DHS in removing people, including and mostly, I guess mostly single men who've come here, but families have come here as well. Small children are in school. How that look?
PATRICK: So, most of them have been single men, and we're going to focus on those criminals. We know most of the time where they are, we're going to find them and we'll be able to deport them under federal law, number one. I wrote and passed a bill last session, the Senate passed it, the governor signed it, that now allows our law enforcement to apprehend people. It's the Supreme Court now, we won one court battle, we think it will be upheld constitutionally.
So, we're going to put our law enforcement into the mix too, so that we can grab them and we can either arrest them if they've committed a crime, turn them over, and they'll be sent back, unlike the Biden administration has done.
And Laura, understand this, that when we put our National Guard down on Shelby Park, there were 5,000 people a day coming across. When we went in, we cut it down to 10 people a day, 5,000 of them people. Greg Abbott, Dan Patrick, President Trump, we know how to get this done and it's going to be shut down when he gets in here.
And Laura, he has changed the whole border of politics. Star County is, if not the most Hispanic county in the country, is one of the most. He won it 57 percent Tuesday night.
INGRAHAM: I saw that. Unbelievable.
PATRICK: Yeah, and I'm with you two weeks ago, by the way, and I said he's going to sweep every state and he's going to get 312 electoral votes, and I think it worked out that way. I had faith in the campaign.
INGRAHAM: You did.
PATRICK: Lara Trump, they did a great job. Michael Watley, the whole team. But I had faith in the American people that they would stand up and take their country back, and they did.
INGRAHAM: Yeah, Ted Cruz, great victory for him as well. Dan, you were a big part of this. You and Governor Abbott. Great to see you and congratulations. And just ahead, the people voted against lawfare, but what happens to the cases against Trump, and what are Democrats planning next? Coming up.
(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNKNOWN: I think there's, again, a 50-50-ish chance that Judge Merchan will impose a prison sentence as opposed to a probation sentence. But even if the judge does hold this sentencing on November 26th, and even if the judge says I hereby sentence you to X in prison, Donald Trump is not going to serve that time while he's in transition as he is now, or certainly while he's president.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
INGRAHAM: Well, certainly while he's president, leaving open the possibility that, you know, if they're wanting this, they're salivating over this, that somehow the statute of limitations for these absurd, in these absurd cases is paused and then Trump goes off in an orange jumpsuit after he has a successful second term. This is insanity.
Joining me now, Chris Landau, former Supreme Court clerk, former ambassador to Mexico. Chris, we've been covering this, it seems like forever, together. Respond to that, this quixotic dream of still putting Trump in prison.
CHRIS LANDAU, FORMER AMBASSADOR TO MEXICO: Listen, the hardcore, that's the way I guess they put themselves to sleep with those dreams of him in an orange jumpsuit. But Laura, I think the good news and the big headline is that lawfare backfired massively on the Democrats in this election season.
This was going to be their magic wand to try to get rid of Donald Trump for once and for all. And if anything, it just made him stronger. And I think it's so healthy for our political system to have lawfare decisively repudiated in this way.
INGRAHAM: Now, Fani Willis got reelected. I didn't even know she was up for re-election, Chris, but apparently, she got re-elected handily. But the American people, I think, in general, they want to determine things at the ballot box. And all of this looked like a giant pile-on from the beginning.
Yet, there is talk among some of these so-called legal experts on the other networks of pausing the statute of limitations. Is that even possible?
LANDAU: Well, this is all garbage. I mean, look, again, like these legal experts can talk to each other. I mean, these cases were on life support before Trump won the election. One of the two federal cases had already been thrown out by the judge because Jack Smith's appointment was unconstitutional. The other one, the Jack Smith one in Washington, got gutted by the Supreme Court's immunity ruling.
Fani Smith's thing in Georgia got gutted by her own improper conduct, not to mention the Supreme Court's immunity ruling. And then you have the Alvin Bragg one in New York where -- that sucker is like a target rich environment for appeal, putting aside the fact that that's also impacted by the Supreme Court's immunity ruling insofar as some of the evidence that was used there.
So, putting it aside the election, Laura, these things were going down for the garbage cases that they were, as any serious lawyer would tell you, anybody other than the most fevered partisan. So, you know, again, I suspect now that the Democrats saw it didn't work, that it's going to be like that Homer Simpson meme where Homer's kind of like backing into the bushes and kind of saying, never mind, nothing to see here, folks. I mean, the Emmett, yeah.
INGRAHAM: Well, Chris, as always, it's great to have you on. Thank you very much for the analysis. And liberal women, they have a plan to make men pay for electing Donald Trump. We'll tell you about it next.
(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
INGRAHAM: Now some women are so wound up about the results of Tuesday's election that they say they're swearing off men for good.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNKNOWN: Stop dating men. Stop having sex with men. Stop talking to men. Divorce your husbands. Leave your (BLEEP) boyfriends.
UNKNOWN: I really want to get behind this 4B movement. No dating men. No getting married. No having kids. And no having S-word.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
INGRAHAM: Wait, that woman cutting her hair off? Oh, bold. Now, Google searches for the 4B movement, which originated in South Korea, have spiked since Trump won the election. It advocates no sex, dating or marriage with men, and no children. In other words, it just changed the dating pool for the Trump bros.
Joining me now, Brianna Lyman, correspondent for The Federalist, and Aldo Buttazoni, PragerU personality. Aldo, are you heartbroken now that you don't have a chance with all these angry, vituperative liberal women?
ALDO BUTTAZZONI, PRAGERU PERSONALITY: Their terms are acceptable. Where do I sign? Where's the pen and paper? You know, the ironic thing about this is they think they're punishing Trump supporters and conservatives in this, but in reality, we're the ones that have been suggesting this and saying that if you don't want an unwanted pregnancy, simply don't have sex with men you're unwilling to have a child with.
The men this will impact are the low T, beta, soy boy, liberal men who only want to use women for consequence-free sex. And so, I think these women are doing a great job. I salute them. I want them to stand up for themselves. And they have my complete endorsement.
As for me, I'm going to stick to dating conservative women because they already have these values. They seem a lot happier than these liberal women. And quite frankly, they're a lot more attractive.
INGRAHAM: Now, I may or may not have worn a Trump baseball cap in the grocery store just to see the reaction. And I've got to say, I was surprised, Brianna, that I didn't have a lot of negative comments. And I had a couple really positive comments from minority workers at the grocery store, which kind of tells the story about this election.
But we were told that angry women were going to save us from Donald Trump. That was the New York Times column on Monday by Michelle Goldberg. What happened to that?
BRIANNA LYMAN, THE FEDERALIST CORRESPONDENT: Well, Goldberg is the expert. Look, all these women who you just mentioned, part of this 4B movement, if they want to end their gene pool, that's natural selection and that's fine. But I think the bigger issue here is that these women were exploited by Democrats for being low information voters.
They were sold the lie that abortion, Donald Trump would sign a national abortion ban. They would be denied care if they had a miscarriage. All of this was trying to scare voters into voting for Kamala Harris. And she tried to quell those fears yesterday by saying everything will be OK.
A lot of voters bought those lies, hook line and sinker. They should be disgusted with the Kamala Harris campaign for lying to them and misleading them and leaving them scared in the dust.
INGRAHAM: Aldo, apparently a lot of schools, colleges, trying to kind of give some comfort and aid to distraught students at the prestigious Georgetown University, they were offered a Lego station, coloring books and milk and cookies.
At the University of Michigan, one of the top schools in America, they can get art therapy and post-election processing. University of Oregon had an actual therapy duck on campus, although young people need help, apparently, or just liberals.
BUTTAZZONI: Well, my home state is Michigan. I spent a lot of time in Ann Arbor around University of Michigan. And so, that doesn't surprise me too much from the stock of students that I've seen walking around the campus.
But the bar has been lowered in so many ways for these university students that should be challenging themselves, that should be engaging in hard ideas, and really, should have the fortitude to deal with election results that they lost. It's really sad to see this.
But hopefully in the next four years they'll gain a little bit of grit and they'll be able to get through this without sucking on their baby bottles.
INGRAHAM: Now, Brianna, I want you to take a look at Trump's performance with voters ages 18 to 29. Harris beat him with young voters by only 6 percent, which is shocking compared to Biden beating Trump by 25 percent just four years ago.
So, she thought she was going to win Gen Z huge. What happened here?
LYMAN: Donald Trump redefined what it means to campaign. He was going on podcasts, which young men, especially 18 to 29, tend to listen to more. He was redefining that you don't have to go on the propaganda press to set the narrative, right? You can go on these podcasts and expand your base. And that's what he did.
And he comes across as authentic and likable. And most importantly, he comes across by saying, you want to graduate college, find a job, and be able to pay bills and not live at home with mom and dad? My economy is going to make that happen for you.
INGRAHAM: But, Aldo, it wasn't just the forum of the podcast, which I think was important, Brianna's right, but it was the policies that he talked about. He didn't talk down to women, and he didn't talk down to young people.
Even when he said I want to be your protector whether you like it or not, that was like I'm going to keep you safe. I'm going to make sure you have more money in your pocket. I'm going to enforce the border. You're going to be safer, and eventually you're going to like it even if you don't like me. Ten seconds, can he grow this voter block further, Aldo?
BUTTAZZONI: Absolutely. The policies of Donald Trump help all Americans, man, woman, of all creeds, of all races. He is going to be the president for all Americans. He's made that clear in his last administration, and he'll do it again, and I'm so excited to see it.
INGRAHAM: Oh, it's so great to have you both on, both future bright lights in this country. Brianna, Aldo, thank you.
That's it for us tonight. Thanks for watching. Remember, it's America now and forever. Check me out on Instagram and X. Jesse Watters, he takes it from here.
Classification


Language: ENGLISH

Document-Type: SHOW

Publication-Type: Transcript

Transcript: 110701cb.257

Subject: NATIONAL SECURITY & FOREIGN RELATIONS (91%); APPOINTMENTS (90%); CAMPAIGNS & ELECTIONS (90%); ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS (90%); IMMIGRATION (90%); IMMIGRATION, CITIZENSHIP & DISPLACEMENT (90%); MIGRANT CARAVANS (90%); POLITICAL PARTIES (90%); US CONGRESS (90%); US DEMOCRATIC PARTY (90%); US REPUBLICAN PARTY (90%); VOTERS & VOTING (90%); ELECTIONS & POLITICS (89%); LEGISLATIVE BODIES (89%); US PRESIDENTS (87%); DEPORTATION (78%); GOVERNMENT BODIES & OFFICES (78%); POLITICS (78%); Donald Trump (%); Susie Wiles (%); Bob Casey (%); World Affairs (%); Immigration (%); Politics (%); Women (%); Election (%)

Company:  FOX ENTERTAINMENT GROUP INC (93%)

Industry: NAICS516120 TELEVISION BROADCASTING STATIONS (93%); SIC4833 TELEVISION BROADCASTING STATIONS (93%)

Person: DONALD TRUMP (93%); BOB CASEY (78%); MARK CUBAN (58%)

Geographic: PENNSYLVANIA, USA (92%); NEW YORK, USA (79%); UNITED STATES (93%); UKRAINE (92%)

Load-Date: November 8, 2024


End of Document
