



Newstex Blogs 
Gates of Vienna
November 18, 2024 Monday 4:49 AM EST


Delivered by Newstex LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Copyright 2024 Gates of Vienna 
Length: 8223 words
Byline: Baron Bodissey
Body


November 17th, 2024 (   - Delivered by   )
President Biden has authorized Ukraine's military to use U.S.-provided long-range missiles on targets inside Russian territory. Mr. Biden's decision was reportedly prompted by the Russian decision to invite 10,000 North Korean soldiers into the fight against Ukraine.
In other news, President-elect Donald Trump is reportedly planning to withdraw the US from the Paris climate change agreement.
To see the headlines and the articles, click 'Continue reading' below.
Thanks to  
Notice to tipsters: Please don't submit extensive excerpts from articles that have been posted behind a subscription firewall, or are otherwise under copyright protection.
Caveat: Articles in the news feed are posted 'as is'. Gates of Vienna cannot vouch for the authenticity or accuracy of the contents of any individual item posted here. I check each entry to make sure it is relatively interesting, not patently offensive, and at least superficially plausible. The link to the original is included with each item's title. Further research and verification are left to the reader.
  
USA                       
Canada  
Europe and the EU        
Israel and the Palestinians 
Russia    
Caucasus 
South Asia 
Australia - Pacific 
Immigration   
Culture Wars   

A new study paints a grim economic picture for Canada's most populated province.
According to a recent Fraser Institute study, Ontario recorded the lowest inflation-adjusted per-person GDP growth of all the provinces from 2000-2022, with 0.7% per capita GDP growth. In contrast, Newfoundland recorded the highest growth of the provinces, 3.6% per capita growth.
Since 2000, Ontario has been lagging behind Quebec in several economic indicators, including growth and public financing, a province it has historically been ahead of.
- Hat tip: Reader from Chicago[ 

Personal insolvencies continue to climb as more and more Canadians struggle with the cost of living crisis.
The Office of the Superintendent of Bankruptcy reported an increase of 15.4% over the 12-month period ending Sept. 30, 2024, when compared to last year.
'Consumer bankruptcies increased by 11.6%, while consumer proposals increased by 16.4%,' reads the latest Statistics Canada Insolvency report. 'Consumer insolvency filings accounted for 95.5% of total insolvency filings.'
A total of 34,588 people across Canada filed for insolvency in the third quarter of this year.
- Hat tip: Reader from Chicago[ 

Independent Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders on Friday indicated one area that he was willing to work with President-elect Donald Trump and his administration on: capping credit card interest rates at 10%.
Sanders, who largely works with Democrats despite his status as an independent, has been an advocate for the working-class and even withheld presidential endorsements until he was satisfied with their plans for his supporters. He also slammed Democrats for no longer being the party of the working class, after Trump won reelection last week.
- Hat tip: Reader from Chicago[ 

President Biden has authorized Ukraine's military to use U.S.-provided long-range missiles on targets inside Russian territory, senior U.S. officials confirmed to Fox News on Sunday.
The senior U.S. official said the weapons will mostly focus on the Kursk region of Western Russia. The decision was first reported by The New York Times.
According to the official, Biden's decision was spurred by the Russian decision to invite 10,000 North Korean soldiers into the fight against Ukraine in Kursk. A second official told Fox that it is unclear if Biden plans to approve the use of the missiles outside the Kursk region.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has previously said the U.S.'s approval of such missile strikes would constitute an act of war. He has yet to react to Biden's announcement Sunday.
- Hat tip: Reader from Chicago[ 

Controversial Manhattan District Attorney Alvin Bragg is heavily favored to win re-election next year despite being seen as soft on crime - and critics say that could make New York City a laughing stock.
No Democrat has emerged thus far to challenge Bragg in the June 25 Democratic primary.
Republicans will field a credible candidate, said state GOP Chairman Ed Cox - but pundits predict that any GOP nominee will still face daunting odds in liberal Manhattan, even with Bragg's reputation as being soft on quality-of-life and street crimes.
- Hat tip: Reader from Chicago[ 

Florida-based cruise line Villa Vie Residences unveiled a new four-year cruise package called 'Skip Forward,' offered to anyone suffering from Trump derangement syndrome.
The Skip Forward package is part of the Tour La Vie program, starting at $40,000 per year, and is a 'continuous global adventure for up to 4 years,' the company stated in a press release. In other words, the multi-year excursion spans Trump's upcoming second term.
In an interview, Villa Vie Residences CEO Mikael Petterson told AP News the cruise liner is offering voters who were not pleased with the election results four exclusive deals:
1-Year Escape from Reality
2-Year Mid-Term Selection
3-Year Everywhere but Home
4-Year Skip Forward
Petterson said the excursion to 425 ports across 140 countries allows voters to escape chaotic American politics.
He noted, 'It just happened that Trump won. And more Democrats are unhappy with their current living situations in the US than Republicans.'
[Comment: This is not satire.]
- Hat tip: Reader from Chicago[ 

Former Fox News host Dan Bongino is rumored to be under consideration as President-elect Donald Trump's nominee for director of the United States Secret Service (USSS). Bongino is a former USSS agent and a severe critic of the service as it exists in the wake of two failed assassination attempts on Trump's life. Discussion of the possible pick has largely been limited to social media, with YouTuber Benny Johnson reporting it along with several posts on X. Forbes has also noted that Trump is reportedly trying to decide between Bongino and Sean Curran.
- Hat tip: Reader from Chicago[ 

Democrat lawmakers have demanded that former House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) quit the public gripes about the party's election failures.
Pelosi has been denigrating her side after losing the White House and the Congress to the GOP.
However, Pelosi, who forced President Joe Biden to end his re-election bid, refuses to accept any blame herself.
The 84-year-old California Democrat has ruffled the feathers of her fellow lawmakers over her public tirades.
These Democrats, who spoke to Axios on the condition of anonymity, believe it's harmful to the party and disrespectful to House Minority Leader Hakeem Jeffries (D-NY).
- Hat tip: Reader from Chicago[ 

Democrats are voicing strong opposition to President-elect Donald Trump's nomination of veteran of rhe US Armed Forces and former Democrat Rep. Tulsi Gabbard for Director of National Intelligence, reviving unsubstantiated accusations that Gabbard is a 'Russian asset.'
Democratic Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz appeared on MSNBC on Friday, claiming without evidence that Gabbard poses a security risk if confirmed to the intelligence role,
'She is considered to be essentially by most assessments, a Russian asset and would be the most dangerous,' Wasserman Schultz alleged before being cut off and then asked if she believed Gabbard to be a Russian asset.
- Hat tip: Reader from Chicago[ 

Reform UK leader Nigel Farage has predicted Donald Trump's presidential election victory in the United States and his second term in the White House will serve as examples for the Anglosphere to follow.
As Brexit foreshadowed Trump's insurgent win against the political establishment in 2016, the president-elect's solidification of his 'Make America Great Again' movement in history with a definitive defeat of Democrat Kamala Harris will inspire other populist movements throughout the world, Nigel Farage told former Mumford & Sons guitarist Winston Marshal on his podcast this week.
- Hat tip: Reader from Chicago[ 

Democrat Sen. John Fetterman (D-PA) openly disputed Rep. Nancy Pelosi's (D-CA) assertion that President Joe Biden's actions contributed to Kamala Harris's crushing electoral defeat.
Amid the aftermath of the recent election, Fetterman has voiced strong criticism of Pelosi (D-CA), Breitbart reported.
Fetterman pointed out the contradictions in Pelosi's statements.
The Democrat senator also emphasized that the outcomes she desired were precisely what transpired with Biden's early withdrawal from the presidential race.
In an interview with Politico, Fetterman stressed that Pelosi cannot 'have it both ways.'
- Hat tip: Reader from Chicago[ 

House Ways and Means Chairman Jason Smith, R-Mo., said Thursday that Congress would extend President-elect Donald Trump's tax cuts to help seniors living on Social Security, laying out one of many plans for the upcoming agenda for the Ways and Means Committee.
'We'll be using reconciliation to extend Trump's tax cuts to make sure that they don't expire and also to address other tax provisions that President Trump campaigned on, like no tax on tips,' Smith said on the 'Just the News, No Noise' TV show.
- Hat tip: Reader from Chicago[ 

A coalition of gun rights groups is suing Maine over a law requiring a three-day waiting period to buy a firearm, arguing that the new requirements violate the Constitution.
The lawsuit, filed in U.S. District Court in Maine by The Sportsman's Alliance of Maine, Gun Owners of Maine, and other groups, alleges that the law requiring people to wait 72 hours to acquire a firearm-even if they pass a criminal background check-is an 'unadorned effort to delay the exercise of Second Amendment rights' that should be overturned by the court.
- Hat tip: Reader from Chicago[ 

A Minnesota election judge is being charged after allegedly accepting people who were not properly registered to vote in the 2024 election.
Timothy Michael Scouton, who served as the head election judge for the Badoura Township Precinct in Hubbard County, Minnesota, is being charged with one count of accepting the vote of an unregistered voter and one count of neglect of duty by an election official, both felonies, according to a report from Fox 9.
Police say they were notified by an election auditor that 11 voters did not complete proper registration forms, yet were allowed to vote despite not being able to complete the forms that are used to authenticate their identity.
- Hat tip: Reader from Chicago[ 

The infamous modern art piece of a banana duct-taped to a wall has been valued at more than $1 million, sparking outrage and mockery from online art enthusiasts.
Simply titled Comedian by Italian artist Maurizio Cattelan, the art piece went viral in 2019 at the Art Basel Miami Beach fair where three editions of it sold for between $120,000 and $150,000; five years later, the piece has an estimated worth between $1 million and $1.5 million for a Sotheby's auction on November 20. David Galperin, Sotheby's head of contemporary art, told the Associated Press that Cattelan created a provocative work of art.
'What Cattelan is really doing is turning a mirror to the contemporary art world and asking questions, provoking thought about how we ascribe value to artworks, what we define as an artwork,' Galperin said.
- Hat tip: Reader from Chicago[ 

The Archdiocese of New York is laying off workers - and says more staff may have to go - to help pay for the Catholic Church's sex-abuse scandal.
The cash-strapped Church already previously announced the sale of the archdiocese's Cardinal Cooke headquarters building in Midtown.
'Such decisions are never easy, but the current financial crunch the archdiocese faces, and the upcoming move to our new offices in 2025, make this the appropriate time to make some tough decisions,' Cardinal Timothy Dolan wrote in a letter to archdiocese faithful this month in announcing the layoffs.
- Hat tip: Reader from Chicago[ 

The New York Times offered a baffling fact-check of Robert F. Kennedy Jr.'s claim that a popular breakfast cereal in the United States contains several artificial ingredients.
The former Democratic-turned-Independent presidential candidate endorsed President-elect Donald Trump after suspending his 2024 campaign in August. On Thursday, Trump announced he had nominated Kennedy to head the Department of Health and Human Services in his incoming administration.
Kennedy has pledged to tackle chronic health issues facing Americans and take on 'corruption' within the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in order to 'Make America Healthy Again.'
- Hat tip: Reader from Chicago[ 

Two Washington parents are facing criminal charges, including attempted kidnapping, assault, and attempted murder, during what is being called an attempted 'honor killing' of their daughter outside a high school.
According to court documents, on October 18 outside of Timberline High School in Lacey, Washington, the girl's parents, Ihsan and Zahraa Ali, were both arrested after the 17-year-old victim told law enforcement that her father had been threatening to kill her in an 'honor killing' after she refused to go to another country for an arranged marriage to an older man.
The daughter, who was not identified, went to school for help and witnesses saw the father had his daughter in a chokehold. Bystanders stepped in to break up the fight which they thought was among teenagers and realized it was the girl's father Ihsan Ali choking his 17-year-old daughter 'to the point where she had lost consciousness.'
- Hat tip: Reader from Chicago[ 

The Pentagon failed its seventh consecutive audit on Friday as the agency was unable to fully account for its massive $824 billion budget, though officials were confident the Department of Defense 'has turned a corner' in understanding its budgetary challenges going forward.
The audits resulted in a disclaimer of opinion, which means auditors were provided with insufficient information to form an accurate opinion of the accounts.
Of the Department of Defense's (DoD) 28 reporting entities that had standalone audits, 9 received an unmodified audit opinion, 1 received a qualified opinion, 15 received disclaimers, and 3 opinions remain pending, the Pentagon said.
- Hat tip: Reader from Chicago[ 

A prosecutor in Manhattan District Attorney Alvin Bragg's office was robbed in her apartment building by a perv she walked in on in the middle of a lewd act Sunday morning, sources said.
The 38-year-old assistant district attorney arrived home to her 44th Street pad around 2 a.m. when she found the creep masturbating in the hallway of her building, the sources told The Post.
The frightened lawyer dropped her phone and the sicko snagged it before fleeing the scene, sources added.
Still shaken, the victim called 911, with cops tracing her stolen phone to 45th Street and Eighth Avenue, according to the sources.
- Hat tip: Reader from Chicago[ 

Department of Government Efficiency (DOGE) incoming co-leader Vivek Ramaswamy laid out the new agency's vision during an exclusive interview with Fox News' Maria Bartiromo on Sunday, telling the 'Sunday Morning Futures' host the aggressive cost-cutting strategy will begin with executive action and lay the groundwork for Congress to do its part.
'The failures of the executive branch need to be addressed because the dirty little secret right now is the people we elect to run the government, they're not the ones who actually run the government. It's the unelected bureaucrats in the administrative state that was created through executive action. It's going to be fixed through executive action,' he said.
'Think about the Supreme Court's environment. Over the last several years, they've held that many of those regulations are unconstitutional at a large scale. Rescind those regulations, pull those regs back, and then that gives us the industrial logic to then downsize the size of that administrative state. And the beauty of all of this is that can be achieved just through executive action without Congress. Score some early wins, and then you look at those bigger portions of the federal budget that need to be addressed one by one,' he continued.
- Hat tip: Reader from Chicago[ 

President-elect Trump thanked UFC president Dana White and fight fans for welcoming him to Madison Square Garden on Saturday night.
'THANK YOU TO THE GREAT DANA WHITE AND #UFC309!' he wrote in posts on X and Truth Social along with a video of himself and his Cabinet nominees.
Trump entered the 'World's Most Famous Arena' to a raucous ovation. He was flanked by White, his children, Robert F. Kennedy Jr., Vivek Ramaswamy, Tulsi Gabbard, House Speaker Mike Johnson, R-La., and Kid Rock. He shook hands with Jelly Roll, hugged Joe Rogan and sat near Elon Musk.
- Hat tip: Reader from Chicago[ 

President-elect Trump announced on Sunday that he has picked Brendan Carr to serve as Chairman of the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) starting in January.
'Commissioner Carr currently serves as the senior Republican on the FCC. Before that, he was the FCC's General Counsel,' Trump's statement read. 'I first nominated Commissioner Carr to the FCC in 2017, and he has been confirmed unanimously by the United States Senate three times.'
'His current term runs through 2029 and, because of his great work, I will now be designating him as permanent Chairman.'
- Hat tip: Reader from Chicago[ 

During President Donald Trump's first term in the White House, he made several moves that enraged the Democrats and foreign globalists.
One of those moves was withdrawing America from the Paris Agreement, a taxpayer-funded globalist pact on 'climate change.'
The agreement forces nations to comply with the 'Net Zero' goals of the United Nations (UN) and World Economic Forum (WEF) while making citizens pay for the globalist green agenda with tax dollars.
Not surprisingly, President Joe Biden and Vice President Kamala Harris entered the United States back into the pact after the 2020 election.
However, Trump is ready to pull us out of it once again, according to reports.
- Hat tip: Reader from Chicago[ 

Veteran pollster J. Ann Selzer announced she was done with election polling and moving on to 'other ventures' after her pre-election poll in Iowa inaccurately showed Vice President Kamala Harris ahead of President-elect Donald Trump in the state he had easily won in 2016 and 2020.
'Over a year ago I advised the Register I would not renew when my 2024 contract expired with the latest election poll as I transition to other ventures and opportunities,' Selzer explained in an op-ed Sunday in the Des Moines Register.
'Would I have liked to make this announcement after a final poll aligned with Election Day results? Of course.?It's ironic that it's just the opposite.?I am proud of the work I've done for the Register, for the Detroit Free Press, for the Indianapolis Star, for Bloomberg News and for other public and private organizations interested in elections. They were great clients and were happy with my work,' she continued.
A Des Moines Register/Mediacom Iowa poll published November 2 found Harris leading Trump in Iowa 47% to 44%. This was a 7-point shift from Iowa polling in September, which found Trump had a 4-point advantage over Harris.
[]
'If this is accurate, and if anybody is accurate, it's likely to be Ann Selzer in the Iowa poll. If this is accurate, it implies that Harris might be winning Iowa,' MSNBC host Rachel Maddow gushed.
Trump won Iowa for the third time this election, defeating Harris by over 14 percentage points.
- Hat tip: LP[ 

Toronto food banks now receive more visits annually than the entire city's population.
According to the Daily Bread Food Bank and North York Harvest Food Bank's annual Who's Hungry report, there were 3.49 million client visits to Toronto food banks between Apr. 1, 2023, and Mar. 31, 2024. The city's population is just over 3 million people.
The 3.49 million visits mark a nearly 1 million increase from the previous year and a 273% increase since before the pandemic.
- Hat tip: Reader from Chicago[ 

Describing his approach during the police crackdown, McAllister recalled, 'I wanted to be the first one that they arrested, and I wanted to do it in the most peaceful way possible with the least resistance, and that was to simply just lay on the ground.' His peaceful stance did not spare him from a harsh arrest, however.
McAllister recounted being 'jumped on by about five cops,' taken into custody, and placed in a paddy wagon 'no bigger than about two by two with a single bench.' There, he said, he endured six hours of confinement in extreme heat, with 'no washroom, no food, no nothing.'
After his release, McAllister faced additional difficulties, as police officers dropped him off at a remote gas station outside Ottawa with a 'dead cell phone' and no access to his truck, which had been left on Wellington Street. Stranded and without his bank account access due to a freeze initiated by the government, he managed to contact a friend who eventually came to his aid.
McAllister faced charges including mischief, resisting arrest, and disturbing the peace. Although he was initially offered a plea deal, he declined because it imposed restrictions on his right to gather in groups of more than 25 people. 'That's an absolute charter violation,' he said. Eventually, McAllister accepted a peace bond with no restrictions, which required him to write a 100-word essay explaining the difference between protest and mischief.
- Hat tip: Reader from Chicago[ 

Bryan Leib was previously a Congressional candidate in his home state of Florida and is currently a Senior Fellow at the Budapest-based conservative think tank the Center for Fundamental Rights. He is also a frequent contributor to the Newsmax website as well as a regular guest on their cable news channel. He spoke with Sergio Velasco about Donald Trump's victory in the U.S. election, how Trump's victory will affect Europe, what Trump and Orban's relationship may mean in the conservative world, and the probability of David Pressman's dismissal and whether Leib will be named the new U.S. ambassador to Hungary.
- Hat tip: Reader from Chicago[ 

German Economy Minister Robert Habeck, who is running as the Green Party's chancellor candidate in the upcoming elections, said on Sunday he would send Taurus cruise missiles to Ukraine if elected as chancellor.
Habeck, who also serves as the sitting vice chancellor in Chancellor Olaf Scholz's government, was asked in an interview with Germany's public broadcaster ARD whether he would go against the current chancellor's decision not to send the long-range missiles to Ukraine.
He said that in his capacity as economy minister he had repeatedly decided on arms deliveries. 'That was part of my job, and they were some of the hardest decisions I had to make.'
- Hat tip: Reader from Chicago[ 

German Defence Minister Boris Pistorius said he supports Chancellor Olaf Scholz's phone conversation with Russian President Vladimir Putin, despite criticism from NATO allies and Kiev.
'There is no talk of peace with Putin at the moment, and yet we must keep trying and at the same time support Ukraine,' he told the public broadcaster ARD on Sunday evening.
Less than 48 hours after Friday's phone call, Pistorius said Putin showed 'what he thinks of peace negotiations or a ceasefire.'
- Hat tip: Reader from Chicago[ 

Update: A suspect in connection with the violence in Amsterdam surrounding the Ajax-Maccabi Tel Aviv match has reported to the police on Saturday evening. The suspect is one of three suspects of whom unblurred images were released on Friday evening, according to the police.
Police currently have 45 suspects in their sights in connection with the riots in Amsterdam after the Ajax-Maccabi Tel Aviv match last Thursday. Nine of them have been identified and arrested so far. They are still in custody, police reported on Sunday.
There are images of the 45 suspects, says a police spokesperson. All 45 are suspected of serious violent crimes. On Friday, police said they had 29 more suspects in their sights, including five suspects whose blurred images were previously shown. They are said to have committed the most serious violence. Two of the five have turned themselves in and have been arrested.
- Hat tip: Reader from Chicago[ 

On Monday, millions of Swedes will start receiving copies of a pamphlet advising the population how to prepare and cope in the event of war or other unexpected crises.
'If crisis or war comes' has been updated from six years ago because of what the government in Stockholm calls the worsening security situation, by which it means Russia's full-scale invasion of Ukraine. The booklet is also twice the size.
Neighbouring Finland has also just published its own fresh advice online on 'preparing for incidents and crises'.
And Norwegians have also recently received a pamphlet urging them to be prepared to manage on their own for a week in the event of extreme weather, war and other threats.
In a detailed section on military conflict, the Finnish digital brochure explains how the government and president would respond in the event of an armed attack, stressing that Finland's authorities are 'well prepared for self defence'.
- Hat tip: Reader from Chicago[ 

Yesterday in the French capital, the Patriots for Europe group, the third strongest faction in the European Parliament, elected its leaders. The group was formed last June by Hungarian PM Viktor Orban, former Czech Prime Minister Andrej Babis (ANO), and Austrian Freedom Party (FP) leader Herbert Kickl, whose party recently won elections in Austria, although legacy parties controversially then refused to name him chancellor and allow him to form a government.
Other parties in the grouping now include France's National Rally, led by Jordan Bardella, and the Dutch Party for Freedom, led by Geert Wilders.
Santiago Abascal, chairman of the Spanish Vox party, was elected president of the Patriots, with Hungarian PM Orban congratulating him on X.
- Hat tip: Reader from Chicago[ 

MEXICO CITY (AP) - Victoria Kjr Theilvig of Denmark has been crowned Miss Universe.
Kjaer, an animal protection advocate who works in the diamond selling business, beat out Miss Nigeria at the end of 73rd edition of the competition in Mexico City. Miss Mexico placed third.
It is the first time a Danish contestant has won Miss Universe.
The pageant was held in the Mexico City Arena, an indoor venue with a capacity for 20,000 people. Supporters inside shouted and waved flags from countries around the world.
- Hat tip: Reader from Chicago[ 

A Spanish firebrand Santiago Abascal has been chosen as the first chairman of the Patriots for Europe party, which will be the third-largest faction in the EU Parliament.
The leader of Spain's populist-nationalist VOX party accepted the nomination to head up the recently formed Patriots for Europe as representatives gathered for the party's general assembly in Paris on Saturday.
Abascal, a staunch critic of mass migration, globalism, and socialism, will thus be responsible for leading parties from 11 different countries with 86 MEPs, including those from Marine Le Pen's National Rally in France, Viktor Orban's Fidesz in Hungary, Matteo Salvini's Lega in Italy, and Geert Wilders' Party for Freedom in The Netherlands.
- Hat tip: Reader from Chicago[ 

BEIRUT (AP) - A rare Israeli airstrike on central Beirut killed Hezbollah's chief spokesman on Sunday, an official with the militant group said. Earlier, officials said Israeli strikes killed at least 12 people in the Gaza Strip, where Israel has been at war with the Palestinian Hamas for over a year.
The latest in targeted killings of senior Hezbollah officials came as Lebanese officials considered a United States-led cease-fire proposal. Israel also bombed several buildings in Beirut's southern suburbs, where Hezbollah has long been headquartered, after warning people to evacuate.
Mohammed Afif, the head of media relations for Hezbollah, was killed in a strike on the Arab socialist Baath party's office in central Beirut, according to a Hezbollah official who was not authorized to brief reporters and spoke on condition of anonymity.
Afif had been especially visible after all-out war erupted between Israel and Hezbollah in September and the killing of Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah in an Israeli airstrike. Last month, Afif hastily wrapped up a press conference in Beirut ahead of Israeli strikes.
- Hat tip: JW[ 

BERLIN - Nearly three years after Russia invaded Ukraine, can another anti-war march in Europe change the political landscape in Russia?
Russian opposition figures argue that it can.
Yulia Navalnaya, the widow of late opposition leader Alexei Navalny, as well as prominent politicians Ilya Yashin and Vladimir Kara-Murza, called on their supporters to rally in Berlin on Sunday ahead of the 1,000th day of the war.
While critics of the Russian opposition argue that its disunity weakens its impact and that protesting in Europe is unlikely to change the situation in Russia, the protest's leaders insist that such demonstrations remain crucial.
'Nothing energizes people like having a lot of like-minded individuals around,' Yashin told The Moscow Times in an interview ahead of the protest.
'We decided to formulate a few theses around which we can rally a lot of people. We succinctly and clearly formulated our political demands: the withdrawal of troops from Ukraine, the resignation of Vladimir Putin and his trial as a war criminal and the release of political prisoners,' Yashin said.
It appears that many Russians living in Europe share this view, with protesters gathering in European capitals like London, Amsterdam, Vilnius, Lisbon and Vienna in solidarity with the Berlin rally.
- Hat tip: MM[ 

Russia on Sunday launched a massive drone and missile attack on Ukraine, described by officials as the largest over the past months, targeting energy infrastructure and killing civilians.
The attack came as fears are mounting about Moscow's intentions to devastate Ukraine's power generation capacity ahead of the cold winter.
President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said that Russia had launched a total of 120 missiles and 90 drones in a large-scale attack across Ukraine. Various types of drones were deployed, he said, including Iranian-made Shaheds as well as cruise, ballistic and aircraft-launched ballistic missiles.
Ukrainian defenses shot down 140 air targets, Zelenskyy said in a statement on the Telegram messaging app.
- Hat tip: McN[ 

On Sunday, Russia launched a drone and missile attack on Ukraine in what's being seen as the largest barrage in recent months, officials said.
Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky posted on the social platform X that Russia used nearly 140 missiles of 'various types' over the last week, as well as more than 900 'guided aerial bombs' and more than 600 strike drones.
Zelensky said Russia was attacking its infrastructure in Rivne, Lviv, Dnipropetrovsk, Volyn and Odesa.
- Hat tip: Reader from Chicago[ 

LVIV, Ukraine, Nov 17 (Reuters) - When Russia poured troops into Ukraine nearly three years ago, Yaroslav Simkiv expected a global backlash that would force it to quickly end its full-scale invasion.
Since then, the greying trumpeter has provided the aching soundtrack to hundreds of military funeral processions as they have streamed through the cobblestone streets of Lviv.
'They can agree on an armistice and all that, but then everything will be left to our children and grandchildren,' said Simkiv, echoing a widespread belief in Ukraine that Russia will continue pressing the country for years to come.
His grim task in the Western Ukrainian city is a symbol of the war's devastating toll as fighting approaches the 1,000-day mark, killing troops at the front, sapping precious resources and exhausting the population.
Despite an initial surge in support from Kyiv's allies and early gains by its military, Ukraine has lately been unable to halt Russia's grinding advance across the sprawling front line.
Kremlin troops are currently making their fastest gains in at least a year, capturing village after village in a bid to seize the entire industrialised Donbas region.
- Hat tip: Dean[ 

Former Vice President Al Gore unloaded in an angry tirade about 'global warming' during an address at the United Nations Climate Change Conference.
During a speech at the UN's COP29 event in Baku, Azerbaijan, Gore raged about 'polluters' and demanded that the general public obey 'climate science.'
The COP29 summit started Monday as globalists from around the world gathered to make proposals for advancing the green agenda.
- Hat tip: Reader from Chicago[ 

The tension was flared up from a 'mischievous' glow sign message on Allah in a Kartik Puja Pandal Gate. Hindu houses and shops were burnt under 'Islamist provocation'. Many Hindus and police personnel were injured.
Sambuddha Gupta | HENB | Berhampur | Nov 17, 2024:: Communal tension flared up from a 'mischievous' glow sign (lighting decoration) message on Allah appeared in a Sarbojanin Kartik Puja Pandal Gate in Murshidabad's Beldanga near Harimati School. Reportedly Hindu houses and shops were burnt under 'Islamist provocation' in a close proximity to the local police station.
According to available reports, some derogatory remarks on Allah suddenly appeared in the Sarbojanin Kartik Puja Pandal Gate creating a reaction from the Muslim locals. As the video footage of that slandering went viral in various platforms of social media, the Islamist reaction started with high provocations from local mosques and also through the internet.
It is told that the derogatory remarks on Allah were pushed through the glow sign (lighting decoration) without the notice of the Puja Committee members and they were also perplexed with the growing communal stake suddenly created in peaceful and joyous festive moments. It is also reported that two workers from a 'specific community' went missing who were engaged in the lighting decorations of the Puja Pandal with some others.
- Hat tip: SB[ 

A group of leading cardiologists in New Zealand has revealed that Covid mRNA 'vaccines' are spiked with a deadly 'cardiotoxin' which has been identified as the sole cause of surging heart failure and sudden cardiac arrest deaths around the world.
The explosive revelation was announced during a cardiology meeting in Auckland, New Zealand.
The nation's most respected heart specialists discovered that the spike protein generated by Covid mRNA injections is responsible for unprecedented spikes in heart failure, sudden deaths, and other deadly diseases.
As a result, New Zealand cardiologists are now recognizing Covid mRNA 'vaccines' as a 'cardiotoxin' - a substance that causes direct harm to the heart.
According to the cardiologists who made the admission, this toxic protein is the root cause of the alarming increase in heart-related illnesses and deaths.
- Hat tip: Reader from Chicago[ 

The mayor of Newport Beach in California is blasting Democratic Gov. Gavin Newsom and other lefty state pols over yet another boatload of illegal migrants who just washed onto the shores of his town.
'Get your act together,' fumed Mayor Will O'Neill in a fiery interview with Fox 11 on Saturday - after the Coast Guard nabbed 21 migrants in a fishing boat off the beach Thursday night. 'You cannot continue to treat every city in California like a border city.'
The migrants were identified as two Uzbeki nationals and one Russian in addition to 18 Mexicans, the outlet reported.
- Hat tip: Reader from Chicago[ 

The 32-year-old man suspected of throwing stones at homeless people remains in custody in France for the time being. An investigating judge ruled on Friday that he would remain in custody, the French public prosecutor's office announced on Saturday.
The man from Cameroon was arrested in Toulon at the beginning of the week. He is suspected of beating a homeless Moldovan man to death with a heavy stone in Lyon and of several attempted murders of a similar nature in Rotterdam, vry, Strasbourg, and Dijon.
- Hat tip: Reader from Chicago[ 

Home Office officials are being hoodwinked by fraudulent asylum seekers who are falsely claiming to be from war-torn Eritrea, a Mail investigation can reveal.
In several video calls, seen by this newspaper, migrants brazenly boasted about how they obtained asylum in the UK by pretending to be persecuted by Eritrea's authoritarian regime.
Instead, they come from Ethiopia, the neighbouring - and much safer - East African country.
MailOnline discovered a network of thousands sharing huge swathes of training material to convince case officers they are from Eritrea - because it has a 99 per cent success rate for asylum claims.
- Hat tip: Reader from Chicago[ 

A professor specialising in 'inhuman geography' at a British university has declared the subject of geology as racist, claiming it has been unduly influenced by colonisation.
Kathryn Yusoff, who lectures at the prestigious Queen Mary University of London, condemned geology as a subject was 'riven by systematic racism.'
The study of prehistoric life through fossils was also branded as an enabler for racism with the professor referring to the field of palaeontology as 'pale-ontology.'
he Daily Mail reports Professor Yusoff stated in her book Geologic Life the extraction of metals such as gold and iron had created hierarchies, pushed materialism, ravaged environments and was the root cause of climate change. The outlet continued:
Claiming that 'geology continues to function within a white supremacist praxis', the academic referenced the theft of land, mining and other geological practices as having led to the creation of white supremacy and a resulting 'geotrauma'.
- Hat tip: Reader from Chicago[ 

After the majority of Americans voted for the economy over abortion, furious feminists have announced that they will no longer date, marry or have children.
Call it slow motion misery and mass suicide.
In the past, Americans protested by refusing to pay taxes, now leftists are protesting by refusing to have children because of their frustrated eagerness to kill those same children in the womb.
What began as a last minute election gimmick by the Kamala campaign, which decided that its best strategy for winning the election was dividing us by sex, is now poisoning our culture, and further ruining relationships between men and women. And the media is spreading the poison.
CBS News, NBC News and the Washington Post are only a few of the many mainstream media outlets that have taken it on themselves to promote South Korea's 4B movement to Americans with its 'four bis' or 'four nos' calling for no dating, no sex, no marriage and no childbirth.
Rather than report critically on a movement that is hateful and destructive, the media has chosen to advocate it as a valid response to their candidate of choice losing an election. Promoting self-harm among psychologically vulnerable populations is supposed to be off limits, but as with transgenderism, the media will push self-harm when it's self-harm of the right kind.
The media's push for 4B comes as national levels of loneliness and unhappiness are rising. 1 in 5 Americans recently reported feeling lonely much of the day. Social isolation is more than just an emotion, it can lead to substance abuse and suicide. And a fundamental cause of social isolation is the fracturing of family ties and friendships over politics and culture war issues.
Democrat media outlets have spent years encouraging people to fight over politics at Thanksgiving. Now the media would like to help kill relationships between men and women. Why settle for alienating children from their parents when they can make sure those children will never be born and that there will be no more families to celebrate Thanksgiving?
- Hat tip:   

United Nations (U.N.) Secretary-General António Guterres has launched a scaremongering campaign, asserting that climate change is destroying lives and economies around the world.
'No country is spared from the effects of climate disasters,' the Portuguese socialist wrote Saturday. 'They kill people - everywhere.'
- Hat tip: Reader from Chicago[ 


Notes

The views expressed in any and all content distributed by Newstex and its re-distributors (collectively, the "Newstex Authoritative Content") are solely those of the respective author(s) and not necessarily the views of Newstex or its re-distributors. Stories from such authors are provided "AS IS," with no warranties, and confer no rights. The material and information provided in Newstex Authoritative Content are for general information only and should not, in any respect, be relied on as professional advice. Newstex Authoritative Content is not "read and approved" before it is posted. Accordingly, neither Newstex nor its re-distributors make any claims, promises or guarantees about the accuracy, completeness, or adequacy of the information contained therein or linked to from such content, nor do they take responsibility for any aspect of such content. The Newstex Authoritative Content shall be construed as author-based content and commentary. Accordingly, no warranties or other guarantees are offered as to the quality of the opinions, commentary or anything else appearing in such Newstex Authoritative Content. Newstex and its re-distributors expressly reserve the right to delete stories at its and their sole discretion.
Classification


Language: English

Publication-Type: Web Publication

Journal Code: 100988

Subject: MISSILE SYSTEMS (89%); US DEMOCRATIC PARTY (89%); WEAPONS & ARMS (89%); NEGATIVE NEWS (88%); NEGATIVE MISC NEWS (87%); POLITICAL PARTIES (85%); ABUSE & NEGLECT (78%); AGREEMENTS (78%); BLOGS & MESSAGE BOARDS (78%); COPYRIGHT (78%); ELECTIONS (78%); FACT CHECKING (78%); ARMED FORCES (73%); CHRISTIANS & CHRISTIANITY (73%); COPYRIGHT LAW (73%); SOCIAL MEDIA (73%); ELECTION AUTHORITIES (71%); JUDGES (71%); SCANDALS (71%); PUBLIC PROSECUTORS (68%); CRIME, LAW ENFORCEMENT & CORRECTIONS (66%); SEX OFFENSES (66%); SEXUAL ASSAULT (66%); ECONOMIC CRISIS (65%); GROSS DOMESTIC PRODUCT (65%); INSOLVENCY & BANKRUPTCY (65%); ARRESTS (64%); FELONIES (63%); SEX SCANDALS (63%); SUITS & CLAIMS (63%); TAXES & TAXATION (63%); CATHOLICS & CATHOLICISM (62%); RELIGION (62%); SPECIAL INVESTIGATIVE FORCES (62%); HONOR BASED ABUSE (61%); CRIMINAL OFFENSES (60%); FIREARMS (60%); GUN CONTROL (60%); LAYOFFS (60%); CLIMATE CHANGE (56%); Counterjihad (%)

Industry: MISSILE SYSTEMS (89%); BLOGS & MESSAGE BOARDS (78%); ARMED FORCES (73%); CREDIT CARDS (73%); SOCIAL MEDIA (73%); BUDGETS (70%); PUBLIC PROSECUTORS (68%)

Person: BERNIE SANDERS (85%); DONALD TRUMP (79%); JOE BIDEN (79%); KAMALA HARRIS (79%); TULSI GABBARD (79%); ALVIN BRAGG (57%)

Geographic: NEW YORK, NY, USA (92%); NEW YORK, USA (79%); ONTARIO, CANADA (55%); RUSSIA (94%); UKRAINE (93%); UNITED STATES (93%); CANADA (92%)

Load-Date: November 18, 2024


End of Document
