



Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)
September 28, 2003 Sunday Metro Edition


Copyright 2003 Star Tribune
Section: NEWS; Pg. 4B
Length: 519 words
Byline: Camille LeFevre
Body


Special to the Star Tribune

Since the advent of electronic media, choreographers have
incorporated into their work the various imagery such technology
affords, with mixed results. For the most part, the imagery has
been either superfluous to the work or so captivating that it
steals the audiences' attention away from everything else. An
innovative new piece by choreographer Paula Mann and animator Steve
Paul, "All That is Solid Melts Into Air," changes that.
In the 70-minute work, which explores the 100-year relationship
between human movement and the moving image, Paul's video and
animation functions not only as backdrop and set, but also as a
main character.
In the fantastic opening montage, for instance, a contemporary
urban scene morphs into a 19th-century French storefront from which
people pour out into the street.
Meanwhile, dancers in period costumes whirl and fly across the
stage, their arms dipping and swooping with a lithe,
lighter-than-air feeling.
The animation morphs again into a well-appointed room, with the
dancers playing humorous parlor games. Here the piece's loosely
told narrative begins: the story of an American inventor, Carl
Ramsey (Carl Fink), who travels to France, meets up with
moving-image pioneer Eadweard Muybridge (Jesse Walker) and verbally
tussles with a dance showman named Dominique (Robert Haarman).
As Ramsey attempts to communicate his radical idea for projecting
moving pictures, Mann's and Paul's intriguing blend of movement and
image underscores the genesis and development of this idea, drawing
from such historical figures as Muybridge, Louis Lumiere and George
Melies.
On a stage within the stage, Paul projects a history of the
world, from Rome burning to Frankenstein's creation, as the dancers
enact the details. A train on a movie screen steams full-speed
toward a panicked audience while three wacky characters in
straitjackets ask what's on the home-shopping and travel channels.
In a comment on the media's propensity to fracture reality,
dancers cover a speaker's face with a white screen, upon which a
video of that person's performance is projected. Violence enters
the work as bodies pile up within a landscape of chimneys belching
smoke and black clouds rimmed with fire.
The piece fast-forwards into the present and future as video
clips of people recalling the most significant moments on
television - the assassination of John Kennedy, the shuttle
disasters, 9/11 - become a landscape of video monitors floating
like molecules.
The piece has a few anachronisms. Why does the Little Red Riding
Hood figure, a woman in a red dress with a wolf's head, appear? And
Mann's solo butterfly act at the end is puzzling.
Overall, however, Mann and Paul have set a precedent for creative
collaboration with this work that will be hard to match.
Camille LeFevre is a St. Paul writer.

REVIEW
All That Is Solid Melts Into Air
Who: Choreographer Paula Mann and her company Time Track
Productions, in collaboration with digital animator Steve Paul,
present an evening-length work.
When: 2 p.m. today.
Where: The O'Shaughnessy, College of St. Catherine, 2004 Randolph
Av., St. Paul.
Tickets: $15-$25. 651-690-6700.
Classification


Language: ENGLISH

Subject: ANIMATION (90%); ARTISTS & PERFORMERS (90%); CHOREOGRAPHY (90%); DANCERS (90%); DANCE (89%); NEGATIVE NEWS (84%); FILM (78%); HISTORY (73%); VISUAL ARTISTS (73%); NEGATIVE MISC NEWS (60%); dance; review (%)

Industry: ANIMATION (90%); ARTISTS & PERFORMERS (90%); DANCERS (90%); FILM (78%); RETAILERS (73%); VISUAL ARTISTS (73%); MONITORS & DISPLAYS (62%)

Person: DANCERS  (90%);  CHOREOGRAPHY  (90%);  ARTISTS & PERFORMERS  (90%);  DANCE  (89%);  ANIMATION  (89%);  FILM  (76%);  VISUAL ARTISTS  (71%);  HISTORY  (69%);  RETAILERS  (68%)

Geographic: FRANCE (88%); FRANCE  (71%)

Load-Date: October 2, 2003


End of Document
