



CE Noticias Financieras English
February 1, 2025 Saturday


Copyright 2025 Content Engine, LLC.
All Rights Reserved
Copyright 2025 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights Reserved
Length: 1468 words
Body


Following Donald Trump's victory in the US presidential elections, interest in the 4B movement, which began in South Korea, has increased around the world.
But why are there women who want to live according to the movement's four principles: no sex, no dating, no marriage and no babies?
Min-ju recalls the post that caught the attention of women around the world: "After Trump's election, men say abortion is a sin, but they still expect women to have sex with them. This irony cannot coexist."
She is 27 years old and asked us to change her name so as not to be intimidated. Other women interviewed for this report made the same request.
Min-ju lives by the 4B principles: no dating, no sex, no marriage and no babies. This is a movement created by feminists in South Korea, who decided to live without men in response to the misogyny that they believe prevails in society.
"We constantly hear reports of women suffering violence from their boyfriends or even being murdered when they try to end a relationship," explains Min-ju.
The questioning of traditional gender roles and expectations has recently begun to spread to the United States. In recent weeks, discussions about the 4B movement have been gaining interest in the West following Donald Trump's victory in the US presidential elections.
And South Korean feminists, who developed the movement and live by its principles, feel both encouraged and disappointed by the recent global attention.
What is 4B?
The term "4B" originates from four expressions in the Korean language: Bi Yeon-ae (without dating), Bi Sex (without sex), Bi Hon (without marriage) and Bi Chul-san (without having children). In Korean, the prefix Bi has a negative meaning.
Ji-sun (fictitious name) says that this "is a concept, a movement and a daily practice for women".
A former leader of the abortion rights group Onda B (whose name is unrelated to 4B), she says that the movement was conceived around 2016 by various radical feminist groups.
Ji-sun explains that Bi Hon (without marriage) was created in rejection of the patriarchal idea that marriage is a "complete" state for women. The other principles, such as rejecting sex, dating and babies, were added to emphasize female autonomy.
"It's not a strike, which indicates obligation, but a choice to respect ourselves," she says.
For Ji-sun, the aim of 4B is to destroy patriarchy, not to reject men.
"It's a movement for women to live as human beings," she says. "Dating, sex, marriage and children actually weaken women."
Ji-sun also comments on the new 6B concept, an extension of the movement that includes Bi So-bi (avoiding products that sexually exploit women) and Bi Dob-bi (single women should support each other).
Gong Yeon-hwa has written academic studies on the movement and recalls when she decided to adopt the 4B principles. "It was a period marked by important events," she says.
Gong is referring to the death of a 23-year-old woman at the Gangnam subway station in the South Korean capital, Seoul. She was attacked simply for being a woman in 2016.
Around the same time, filming women using hidden cameras took on epidemic proportions and the so-called Webhard cartel distributed these videos on the internet.
"Many women began to realize that not only marriage, but dating and even having sex could be risky for them," recalls Gong.
Gangnam's murder, in particular, began to rally feminists in Seoul. At the time, a 34-year-old man stabbed and killed a woman in a public restroom.
Women took to the streets chanting slogans such as "she became a victim simply because she was a woman".
Gong mentions a study by the country's Ministry of Family and Gender Equality, published in 2020. According to the survey, 42% of the men interviewed admitted to having been involved in prostitution at least once.
She says that this revelation has made her friends increasingly suspicious of their male partners.
"I also feel lonely sometimes and want to form a connection," she says. "But I realized that in order to have a relationship full of fear and doubt, it's better to invest my time and energy in supporting other women."
South Korean women and 4B
For Min-ju, 4B is a way of protecting herself, physically and mentally, from the violence that women can suffer in relationships.
"Perpetrators often receive minimal punishment," she points out. "Dating in Korea seems to give a man the right to hurt me or even take my life, without further consequences."
Gomsae is a woman aged just over 30. She asks to be identified only by her surname.
She says she underwent a medical procedure to remove her ovaries, which inspired her to adopt the 4B lifestyle.
"The doctors focused on restoring the function of my ovaries, but their main concern was reproduction," she recalls. "They offered to freeze my eggs for any eventuality, which would entail extracting the eggs and injecting them with hormones, despite my illness."
"That made me realize that the reason they were making this offer was because a woman's body is considered an instrument of reproduction."
Gomsae says that 4B is a passive form of resistance, something that women don't openly declare, but decide to control their reproduction in silence.
"It's become a form of survival in a society that disregards women's voices," she explains. "It's a national boycott against misogyny and anti-feminism."
The women recognize that it is difficult to live by the 4B principles in South Korea. Min-ju says she hasn't told her male friends or colleagues about her decision.
"I think it's dangerous to openly identify as 4B," she says. "I've seen many feminists and Bi Hon [no marriage] advocates face cyberbullying after publicly disclosing their position on the internet."
Gong now lives in Australia. She says that her home country felt "unsafe" to her.
"In addition to suffering gender discrimination, simply defending women's rights and supporting feminism made me a target for threats, which shook me deeply," she says.
"Whenever I openly express my support for the 4B movement, I am quickly labeled a 'feminist', a term that can instigate hostility in Korean society. South Korea is the birthplace of these movements because misogyny is deeply rooted in society."
Expansion to other countries
Donald Trump's position, letting each state decide individually what rules should be adopted regarding abortion, has fueled fears among women's rights groups about a possible federal ban on the procedure.
With control of the presidency, the Senate and the House of Representatives, as well as a conservative majority on the Supreme Court, Republicans are in a strong position to pass more restrictive laws in the United States.
In addition, Trump's past comments about women, including allegations of sexual abuse and controversial remarks about his opponent in the last election, Kamala Harris, are being reviewed.
For this reason, a movement is growing among American women to "boycott" men by adopting the 4B principles.
Posts about the movement on social media have gathered significant attention - and search engine data shows that interest in the 4B principles has grown substantially over the last few months.
Gong considers the global spread of 4B to be positive, but it also has a bitter taste.
"On the one hand, I'm proud that the 4B movement, started by Korean women, is now part of global feminist dialogues," she says. "But it's also humiliating."
"The United States is 100 years ahead of Korea on the issue of feminism, but the adoption of 4B in the country highlights how difficult it still is for women to live safely and equally, even in America."
"The phenomenon emphasizes the universal struggles faced by women," concludes Gong.
But the South Korean public's awareness and feelings about the 4B movement remain limited or even negative.
Kim Hyun-jung is 30 years old and learned about the movement online three years ago.
"I don't judge people who follow 4B, but I've seen some people blame other women for not adopting the same values as them and that's wrong," she says.
Others confess that they have never even heard of the movement.
"I've just researched it," says Kim Mi-rim. "I can partly understand why some women choose this lifestyle, but for me it's more a question of economic hardship."
"With the rising cost of living, it seems increasingly difficult to devote ourselves to intimate relationships."
But for some Korean women, the 4B movement has completely transformed their life plans and redefined their vision of family.
Gomsae adopted the 4B lifestyle almost eight years ago. She considers the movement's advance into the United States to be positive, but also heartbreaking.
"4B isn't about asking for benefits like equal pay for the same job," she explains. "It's about claiming fundamental rights over my body."
"Rights that men have never had to fight for or even think about." 
Classification


Language: ENGLISH

Publication-Type: Newspaper

Journal Code: CENFENG

Subject: FEMINISM & WOMEN'S RIGHTS (91%); CAMPAIGNS & ELECTIONS (90%); COURTSHIP & DATING (90%); ELECTIONS (90%); HEADS OF GOVERNMENT ELECTIONS (90%); US PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATES 2012 (90%); US PRESIDENTIAL ELECTIONS (90%); US PRESIDENTS (90%); INFANTS & TODDLERS (89%); WOMEN (89%); ABORTION (77%); GENDER BASED VIOLENCE (77%); MEN (77%); SEX & GENDER ISSUES (77%); SOCIETY, SOCIAL ASSISTANCE & LIFESTYLE (77%); ABORTION RIGHTS (76%); NEGATIVE SOCIETAL NEWS (76%); REPRODUCTIVE RIGHTS (76%); LANGUAGE & LANGUAGES (73%); MISOGYNY (72%); NEGATIVE MISC NEWS (67%); equilibrioesaude (%)

Person: DONALD TRUMP (89%)

Geographic: SOUTH KOREA (93%); UNITED STATES (93%)

Load-Date: February 2, 2025


End of Document
