



USA Today Online
November 18, 2024 2:39 PM EST


Copyright 2024 Gannett Media Corp  All Rights Reserved
Length: 1199 words
Body


They play video games. They drink beer. And now, some of them wear MAGA hats.
The  saw the rise of a new kind of voter − one that both  and , in the final weeks of their campaigns, made desperate bids to win over. That demographic ended up swinging for Trump, in a move that surprised some pollsters and political analysts.
Those voters are the men − or, depending on who you ask, the "bros" − of .
On election day, they turned out for Trump, with 49% of Gen Z men voting for him and 47% voting for Harris, according to . Trump also gained some ground with Gen Z women, though that same exit polling shows 61% of these voters still went for Harris.
Trump's win with Gen Z men followed weeks of what , which saw the now president-elect make several appearances with popular faces from a certain side of TikTok. Several big-name Democrats have since acknowledged the impact of the so-called "bro" vote. "I think this election was a serious flex for bros," Sen. , D-Pa., told .
Men's psychology experts say it shouldn't be shocking many Gen Z men voted for Trump, nor that online "bro" culture has embraced him. Young people tend to favor political personalities perceived as edgy, rebellious and countercultural. In past generations, those personalities were liberals; now, they say, those personalities are MAGA conservatives.
Plus, Democrats as a whole haven't done as good a job as Trump at speaking to this voting bloc in an authentic, empowering way, with some of their talking points leaving young men feeling, at best, ignored and, at worst, demonized.
"A lot of political beliefs have more to do with identity than good argument than we accept," says , a licensed marriage and family therapist. "Political beliefs are swayed heavily by identity. The left is rejecting men and masculinity, so men are becoming more right-wing."
Trump spoke to the bros of Gen Z. It worked.
In the final weeks of the election, both Harris and Trump made their respective pitches to Gen Z. Harris went on , where she talked about abortion, as well as  where she talked about the economy and marijuana legalization.
Trump, meanwhile, took a more men-centered approach, going on the Nelk Boys'  the comedy podcast  and the long-form show ." He also talked pro-wrestling on    and .

John Shahidi − the co-founder of the Shots Podcast Network, home to the Nelk Boys and Theo Von, among others − says Trump's podcast appearances were part of an effective strategy by his campaign to reach young men, as well as any other voters whose media diet doesn't consist of legacy news.
When it comes to these podcasts, Shahidi says, young men tune in for one of two reasons: to learn or to laugh.
Trump calibrated his conversations on these podcasts accordingly. With the Nelk Boys, who got their start as YouTube pranksters, he cracked more jokes. With Von, he got more personal, opening up about his family. With Rogan, he talked more about policy.

All of these appearances, Shahidi says, showed Gen Z that Trump was willing to meet them where they are and speak to them authentically.
"People really saw that," he says. "Like, 'Wow, actually, you're the man. I'm voting for you.'"
Alex Bruesewitz, a 27-year-old Trump campaign advisor, says what bro influencers have that mainstream celebrities don't is a deep, personal connection to their audience. These influencers, he says, speak to young men in a way no one else can, which is why Trump sought them out.
"The Nelk Boys in particular speak to young men because they are frat bros," Bruesewitz says. "These guys tap into the frat bros in a way that I haven't seen before."
Trump's appearances with these influencers also sent a clear message, according to Bruesewitz: that "it's OK to be a guy."
It's a message he says Democrats did not emphasize enough, to their own downfall.
In 2020, voters under 30 largely went for Biden (59%) over Trump, . 
Now, "young men, for the most part have been relatively ignored by the Democratic party," Bruesewitz says. "President Trump was probably the only ball game in town for most of them."
Trump beat Harris in a landslide. 
Would Trump have won this election without this voting bloc? 
"It would've been very close," Shahidi says. "I think the podcast strategy made it a landslide."
'Toxic masculinity,' male loneliness and why some young men back Trump
Outside of Trump's podcast interviews, psychologists say there are several factors that explain why Gen Z internet bro culture has gone largely MAGA.
For starters, they say, young men as a whole aren't doing too well right now.  at the same rates as women. Many have poor mental health, due to . Many struggle to express their feelings, which makes forming intimate relationships challenging. Many are struggling economically. Many feel disenfranchised.
"The last half century has seen a dramatic improvement in the status of women in America, whereas men have been static," says Ronald Levant, professor emeritus of psychology at The University of Akron and author of the book "The Problem with Men: Insights into Overcoming a Traumatic Childhood from a World-Renowned Psychologist."
Trump's win has women swearing off sex: 
When any group feels disempowered, they're more likely to support subversive political movements. After four years of a Democrat in the White House, young men who feel disenfranchised were more open to hearing Trump out and voting for him.
The lack of positive outreach toward young men by liberals has also left some members of this demographic open to the influence of more extreme right-wing internet personalities, like .
"Men being isolated means that they're going to look for someone who's speaking about them positively and their issues," Anderson says. "Suddenly you've got someone who's promising to rescue you from your isolation. Men are turning towards that."
For some young men, Trump spoke to them even if they couldn't articulate why. In a  with 2.5 million views, a male college student tells newscaster Don Lemon he plans to vote for Trump. When Lemon asks him to elaborate on why, the student gives a stuttered reply.
Bruesewitz believes Gen Z men's pivot to Trump has to do not only with Trump's positive messaging toward this demographic, but also with Democrats' negative messaging. The left's use of the term "toxic masculinity" in particular, he says, has distanced many young men from the Democratic party.
"One side says that being a man is terrible and toxic," he says. "The other side doesn't say that. So it's pretty evident why young men find more of a home in our party than theirs."
This article originally appeared on USA TODAY: 
Classification


Language: ENGLISH

Publication-Type: Web Publication

Journal Code: 666052891

Subject: CAMPAIGNS & ELECTIONS (90%); ELECTIONS (90%); GENERATION Z (90%); HEADS OF GOVERNMENT ELECTIONS (90%); MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN MOVEMENT (90%); US PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATES 2012 (90%); US PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATES 2024 (90%); US PRESIDENTIAL ELECTIONS (90%); VOTERS & VOTING (90%); POLITICAL PARTIES (89%); CONSERVATISM (78%); ELECTIONS & POLITICS (78%); INTERNET SOCIAL NETWORKING (78%); LIBERALISM (78%); POLITICS (78%); SUBCULTURES (78%); MEN (77%); POLLS & SURVEYS (77%); PROFESSIONAL SPORTS (73%); PSYCHOLOGY (65%); CANNABIS (60%); DRUG LIBERALIZATION (50%); MARIJUANA (50%); MARIJUANA REGULATION & POLICY (50%); WRESTLING (50%)

Company:  NBC UNIVERSAL INC (70%)

Industry: NAICS516120 TELEVISION BROADCASTING STATIONS (70%); SIC4833 TELEVISION BROADCASTING STATIONS (70%); INTERNET SOCIAL NETWORKING (78%); STREAMING MEDIA (73%); PODCASTING (72%); PSYCHOLOGY (65%); CANNABIS (60%); MARIJUANA (50%); MARIJUANA REGULATION & POLICY (50%)

Person: DONALD TRUMP (89%); JOHN FETTERMAN (79%); KAMALA HARRIS (79%)

Geographic: UNITED STATES (94%); Texas; United States; Americas, Northern America

Load-Date: November 18, 2024


End of Document
