



Newstex Blogs 
JonathanTurley.org
November 10, 2024 Sunday 11:55 AM EST


Delivered by Newstex LLC. All Rights Reserved
Copyright 2024 JonathanTurley.org
Length: 655 words
Body


November 10th, 2024 ( — Delivered by )
 
As academics, we are dealing with the election on campuses across America. After the election, I had some valuable discussions with students who supported Harris and some who supported Trump. I wish there would be more interaction between the two groups. That is why this story stood out for me. I do not believe that further separation or isolation will help this country or these individuals.
Dr. Calhoun went on MSNBC's Joy Reid to offer the curious take on good mental health. Reid has spent the week condemning the majority of voters (particularly minority voters) in the nation as racists and misogynists for the Trump victory.
Reid joined a rising tide of rage, which I discussed in 
'So, if you are going into a situation where you have family members, where you have close friends who you know have voted in ways that are against you it's completely fine to not be around those people and to tell them why
You know, to say, 'I have a problem with the way that you voted because it went against my very livelihood, and I'm not going to be around you this holiday. I need to take some space for me.' I think you should very much be entitled to do so, and I think it may be essential for your mental health.'
There is another possibility. You can try to resolve those feelings with people who you previously liked or loved. It may actually help to discuss these issues outside of the echo chamber of your political associations.
Of course, Yale University itself has followed this advice for years by removing faculty with opposing views for the general welfare of the community. 
Now, that is mental tranquility.
The suggestion that it may be 'triggering' to see family and friends is not unique to Yale's psychiatric staff.
Across the country, women have been cutting their hair and 
It is a curious response since figures like Reid  
None of this is good for our nation's mental health and suggesting that people retreat further into their silos does not make for particularly healthy advice.
As discussed in my book, 
Jonathan Turley is the Shapiro Professor of Public Interest Law at George Washington University. He is the author of '

Notes

The views expressed in any and all content distributed by Newstex and its re-distributors (collectively, the "Newstex Authoritative Content") are solely those of the respective author(s) and not necessarily the views of Newstex or its re-distributors. Stories from such authors are provided "AS IS," with no warranties, and confer no rights. The material and information provided in Newstex Authoritative Content are for general information only and should not, in any respect, be relied on as professional advice. Newstex Authoritative Content is not "read and approved" before it is posted. Accordingly, neither Newstex nor its re-distributors make any claims, promises or guarantees about the accuracy, completeness, or adequacy of the information contained therein or linked to from such content, nor do they take responsibility for any aspect of such content. The Newstex Authoritative Content shall be construed as author-based content and commentary. Accordingly, no warranties or other guarantees are offered as to the quality of the opinions, commentary or anything else appearing in such Newstex Authoritative Content. Newstex and its re-distributors expressly reserve the right to delete stories at its and their sole discretion.
Classification


Language: English

Publication-Type: Web Blog

Journal Code: Newstex Blogs

Subject: PSYCHIATRY (91%); FAMILY (90%); NEGATIVE SOCIETAL NEWS (90%); VOTERS & VOTING (90%); ASSOCIATIONS & ORGANIZATIONS (89%); COLLEGES & UNIVERSITIES (89%); MENTAL HEALTH (89%); POLITICAL PARTIES (89%); US DEMOCRATIC PARTY (89%); US REPUBLICAN PARTY (89%); SOCIAL SCIENCES (79%); ELECTIONS & POLITICS (78%); PHYSICIANS & SURGEONS (78%); POLITICAL ORGANIZATIONS (78%); RACISM & XENOPHOBIA (78%); EMOTIONS (77%); HUMANITIES & SOCIAL SCIENCE (77%); POLLS & SURVEYS (75%); MISOGYNY (73%); NEGATIVE NEWS (71%); Academia (%); Politics (%)

Organization: YALE UNIVERSITY (94%)

Industry: PSYCHIATRY (91%); COLLEGES & UNIVERSITIES (89%); PHYSICIANS & SURGEONS (78%)

Geographic: UNITED STATES (79%)

Load-Date: November 10, 2024


End of Document
